Willie_Mays_HAES;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:15:14;Hitler and Toby, and I'd shoot Toby twice.;
lowhangingfruit1;Conservative;2015-03-17 09:15:37;When did it become cool to generalize an entire race over a few douchebags on the bus? The Hitler card could be played here.;
roo-ster;politics;2015-03-17 09:15:52;&gt  It Took Tom Cotton Less Than A Minute To Invoke Hitler In First Senate Speech  Was he 'for' or 'against'?;
MorXpe;europe;2015-03-17 09:16:59;What really freaks me out is that it has more resemblance to '30s in Germany. Hurt national pride + economic seems to make crowds vulnerable to nationalistic propaganda.  Weren't Germans equally proud when Hitler annexed Austria in March 1938? ;
OldMcFart;europe;2015-03-17 09:17:17;Hitler took other countries' money and even then the war effort completely bankrupted the nation. If he wouldn't have, that VW and autoban surface would've broken down pretty quickly. There simply was no substance.;
Kaccie;sweden;2015-03-17 09:17:21;&gt (vafan det nu betyder).   **Wiki [Neo-fascism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neo-fascism)**   Neo-fascism is a post–World War II ideology that includes significant elements of fascism. The term neo-fascist may apply to groups that express a specific admiration for Benito Mussolini or Adolf Hitler, may also be called Neo-Nazis, and Italian Fascism or any other fascist leader/state. Neo-fascism usually includes ultranationalism, populism, anti-immigration policies or, where relevant, nativism, anti-communism, anti-marxism and opposition to the parliamentary system and liberal democracy.    &gt Expos hela existens bygger på att motarbeta just SD   Nej det gör den inte.;
nug4t;worldnews;2015-03-17 09:18:20;Stalin did the ethical cleansing,  the tartars are not threatened and are in fact a minority since a long time now..     fact is crimea wants to be Part of Russia,   Ukraine is in Ruins economical thanks to both West and east.   The West löst billions of Investment there btw,  all the preparations for nothing...   ;
RockLobster17;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:20:37;It's starting to sound a bit like "Well, Hitler did do **some** good to Germany". You can't finish your sentence or give a proper justification without someone jumping down your throat. UKIP does have some (and that's at best) good ideas, but in the end it does come down to the social stigma.;
DoomAssault;science;2015-03-17 09:20:44;See. Hitler;
DrTsunami;Jokes;2015-03-17 09:22:42;A similar joke I know:  "What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler?"  "Phelps can finish a race";
derek_jeter;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:23:04;It isn't though.  There's better cards and most people have no idea what "mechahitler" even means.  Myself included. ;
Stonewallsorgi;pokemontrades;2015-03-17 09:23:20;Azelf Hitler.  I'm going to hell... Anyway, guy's actually got an IMDB page.;
Anton_Slavik;worldnews;2015-03-17 09:24:16;"remember team, your mission is to stop the terrorists from destroying all the monuments that stop people from killing themselves. and, as always, kill hitler.";
HubBonisseurDeLaBath;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:25:24;I don't know a better method, you know Churchill used to say " democracy is the worst form of government on earth except for all the rest"... Maybe one day we will figure it out with education by right now it's impossible and we have to do with all the downsides of politics.;
MorXpe;europe;2015-03-17 09:25:36;Well Stalin did manage to brainwash a great part of Russian society and it is a tragedy.  But it helps to understand why other countries are not in hurry of liberating the North Korea from Kims. By now it wouldn't change much.;
beccaonice;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:25:59;I have been very passionate about photography since early high school, and after doing a couple years of traditional college that didn't feel like it was going anywhere, I decided to pursue a photography degree. I was about 20 when I made this decision.   I did very well in school, and graduated with honors. I do genuinely believe I have a talent for photography that is not in everyone.  So towards the end of the degree program, I started to try and get my career on track. I went in thinking I would do photojournalism, but after speaking to a lot photographers and doing research, I found that this path is very difficult to get into. Everyone was pushing event/wedding photography, which is not what I wanted to do, really, but it is "where the money is." I got a few opportunities to do a few jobs for pay, and I hated all of it. It was dull, tedious work. And all my "passion projects" felt so cheapened by this dance for money/photo rights.   Basically what I discovered is I don't have the stomach for playing the business game, I hate event work, and I didn't have the financial stability to start my own business anyway. I got a full time office job (for eating and living reasons)  and I thought I would keep trying to build my photography on the side, but the motivation left.  I miss when I just took photos and just freely shared them just for the love of it. I hate that the fear of having my images stolen, of feeling like I am cheating other professional photographers by working for free, the desire to be properly credited, the feeling that I would be paid, was all drilled into my head that I stopped even wanting to pick up my camera.  ;
TheRighteousTyrant;todayilearned;2015-03-17 09:26:01;I'd say they were acting pretty sovereign after Hitler came to power.;
ToomuchinfoTimmy;worldnews;2015-03-17 09:28:00;Hitler has invaded the Rhine.;
sdonaghy;politics;2015-03-17 09:28:26;Also I don't give a shit who they ended up being, babies are not born evil. He has a really fucked up world view if he thinks evil baby Hitlers are just popping out the womb. ;
lordrosco0826;UkrainianConflict;2015-03-17 09:29:28;Your not the only one out there NewKidAround. Many of us, who have brains, are pro-ukraine. Its obvious what Russia is doing. When the people of Ukraine ousted Viktor Yanukovych Russia saw its hopefull Eurasian Economic block and Russia's grip on the navel port Sevastopol in danger. Russia refuses to recognize Ukraine's right to self determination and to join the EU. Joining the EU did not mean joining NATO. I understand Russia's concerns over the expansion of NATO. NATO was created to counter the USSR and therefore Russia to. The thing the world needs to understand is that if we allow Putin to annex territory of a country he will not stop at Ukraine. Appeasing Putin would result in the same disaster that resulted in appeasing Hitler. I'm not saying Putin is Hitler, I dont believe he wants to commit ethnic genocide. What I'm saying is that there are similarities between Nazi Germany and current Russia. Putin has consolidated power to a point that there are no other voices but his own. Just like in Nazi Germany, Russian people are being intimidated from voicing any decent. Nationalist groups like the Cossacks and the Night Wolves are making sure of that with there anti-maiden rhetoric. In the end Russia will only suffer. They have lost the trust of the world. It will take years to undo the damage that Putin has done to his country. Cut Russia from SWIFT let him now the west is not going to stand by and allow Putin to go unpunished. ;
LerrisHarrington;worldnews;2015-03-17 09:30:20;I'm not saying either choice is ideal, but given my choice of devil, I'll stay as far away from Stalin as I can get.;
Reza2015;PersianHistory;2015-03-17 09:31:02;That is indeed friendly to Hitler.   Hitler, before the Wannsee conference, wanted the European Jews out of Germany, and appealed to many countries to help (the Western countries refused). Iranian-Germans were exempt from the  Nuremberg laws, and Iran was invaded by the Soviets and British due to Iran assisting German nationals within Iran.;
Dokpsy;WTF;2015-03-17 09:31:03;We all know that's an archaic rulling based on a misguided and untested belief system. There is no butterfly effect. If you go back and 'change something' you were always going to do that. Going back to have sex with Hitler instead of killing him causes him to kill himself just as he always has (except for that five minutes where he just deep throated a hotdog. that was just weird).;
dingleberry1190;GTADupe;2015-03-17 09:31:29;i have a roosevelt. do you have a cageless mesa;
richardtree;socialism;2015-03-17 09:31:36;I remember in high school economics class, my teacher called Karl Marx a "horrible, evil dictator, much like Adolf Hitler." I will never forget that.;
pervyjeffo;Unexpected;2015-03-17 09:31:49;I'm Hitler because I prefer content on subs to be in some way related to the theme of the sub? If that's the case, why even have subs at all? Just a giant mix of mostly garbage content and cat pics. I like this post, but there's more relevant places for it.;
SolidBlues;CommunismWorldwide;2015-03-17 09:33:09;&gt  You're fetishisting Marx and Engels. They're by no means the only thinkers worthy of consideration when it comes to Communism.  I'm going to mostly ignore this silly accusation, but they are *by no means* the only revolutionaries I'm considering with regard to the anarchists.  &gt  their desire to destroy all systems of authority and hierarchy naturally lead to Communism, which is precisely why they're Communists  It would naturally lead to anarchy, not communism, which is why they're anarchists. Abolishing private property and class society is not about destroying systems of authority or hierarchy. [As Engels wrote about,](https://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1872/10/authority.htm) there will always be people telling other people how to do things.  &gt  And the only reason we call the experiments that occured in countries such as Russia and China Communist, is because of that legacy.  The reason we call Stalin's USSR and Mao's China 'communist' (although I would actually call it socialist but that's another discussion) is because they were trying build communism. Not because they called themselves communists.  Anarchists are and will always be counter-revolutionary to Marxist aims. [As Stalin wrote,](https://www.marxists.org/reference/archive/stalin/works/1906/12/x01.htm) "We believe that the Anarchists are real enemies of Marxism" and so do I.;
frukt;MapPorn;2015-03-17 09:33:29;As an Estonian, I'd like to extend my thanks to the American people and government for holding on to that principle for 50 years. It didn't merely have token value  if I recall correctly, Estonia had an embassy in the US during the Cold War which enabled a political podium and supported the restoration of Estonia's independence on the basis of legal continuity in 1991. Several other countries simply gave away Estonian property to the occupying USSR  Sweden even extradited some Estonian refugees to USSR at the time of Stalinist terror (who obviously ended up executed or in Siberian hard labor camps). The US also became a welcoming home to many displaced persons from Estonia. ;
Teh_Sauce_Guy;justneckbeardthings;2015-03-17 09:33:29;I didn't call him an idiot, just not smart  And about half of those things were not *smart* they just went in a different direction than most people were going in the time.   If you're talking about mein kampf, it's pretty widely agreed that the way it's written is basically a big morass of nonsense. I have no idea how it got popular, but it was all bullshit.  Also, it's not a smart idea to go to war with a superpower and two pre superpowers, even more so when you've started to lose a lot of battles.   And then there's getting mad at Roosevelt, Churchill and Stalin and calling them Jews because they went against you and/or beat you in battle. ;
mayonetta;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:33:35;&gt Oh, and I never seed my torrents   Literally Hitler;
JackTLogan;nfl;2015-03-17 09:34:34;Yeah, well, so did Hitler.;
kruns;politics;2015-03-17 09:34:35;Nothin' like apples to oranges comparisons of world history. Winston Churchill would turn over in his grave at someone of the likes of Tom Cotton invoking his speech for such nonsense.;
batpunk;gifs;2015-03-17 09:37:30;Ok I'm probably going to catch shit for this but here it goes. This kind of stuff is why I became vegan a little while back. I did it because I was against the animal cruelty that goes along with factory farming. I don't necessarily have a problem with people killing animals for food. I just feel like they should at least have a decent quality of life before they're  slaughtered, and their death should be quick and painless as possible. I don't judge people who eat meat, my wife isn't vegan or vegetarian , but I just can't support factory farming. Because of my thoughts on the subject I'm usually thought of as a bleeding heart hippie by meat eaters and other vegans tend to act like I'm some kind of chicken Hitler. Before someone says it, No I don't mean like if Hitler was a chicken. ;
MorXpe;europe;2015-03-17 09:39:37;creepy thing is, despite the Putin's "anti-fascist" propaganda, it is Hitler's politics in the '30s that brings the closest resemblance to his actions. Before World War II the cult of personality and hate towards common enemy was what brainwashed Germans. Now the enemies for Russians are not Jews but Ukrainians, EU and US - aka "fascists".;
CapillarianCrest;Jokes;2015-03-17 09:39:46;What do Hitler and the Boston marathoners have in common? Neither could finish a race. ;
Leporad;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:39:48;Hate your non-aryan neighbors?  Become Hitler.;
Renner1;IsraelSubredditWatch;2015-03-17 09:40:37;&gt  Past tense. In modern Palestine, Jews aren't welcome.  Probably because the Jews that force themselves in there are disgusting, expansionist, and categorically anti-Palestinian.  They're like you. They demonize Palestinians for living there and pretend that they don't exist as a people.  &gt   As their government officials just told you.   More craven bullshit with Erekat's words, eh? One official says something reflecting the fact that no Jews in what's left of Palestine would ever, ever see themselves as Palestinian or accept Palestinian nationality, and you have to go on your worthless screeching garbage.  &gt  know better than the Palestinians themselves what the Palestinians want?  I reject your idiotic "Palestinians are Hitler" nonsense and your distortion.  &gt  you're butthurt and blatantly dishonest  That's you, child.  &gt  Jews, Israeli, American, or any other nationality, would have to convert to Islam or Christianity to "become Palestinians."   He sees "Jews" as having tied themselves to the concept of the "Jewish state" and, as I said, sees the reality of the Jews living in the Palestinian West Bank who would never give up their putrid "this is part of Israel and we are Israeli citizens" garbage.  He's been informed by the behaviour of Israelis and Jews around the world, is all.  &gt  Because no Jews are allowed in Palestine, just as no Jews were allowed in Germany during the Third Reich.  You just look like more of an idiot trying to make this comparison in seriousness. Shameless, lying coward with not a scrap of integrity to speak of.  &gt  Your damage control is ineffective.  Not when it comes to people like you, but you're rubbish.  &gt  Anyone can read that quote and learn the reality of Palestinian apartheid and modern Nazism. The Nazism that you're defending.   More whingey, delusional nonsense. Classic example of the Israeli/pro-Israel doublethink where they're the victims and it's the Palestinians who're the oppressors and malefactors.  ;
gladuknowall;news;2015-03-17 09:40:38;This must be stopped. Not even Hitler or Hussein had official policies that said "fuck off". They told people through their actions and non-actions, but it was not a written law. This is terrible and I cannot stress enough just how detrimental to what is left of our democratic republic that this is. Is there a white house petition regarding this issue yet?;
AdmiralAkbar1;WastelandPowers;2015-03-17 09:41:13;apology for poor english  when were you when wastelandpowers dies?  I was sat at home eating tiberius panties when mechahitler ring  'wastelandpowers is kill'  'no';
jayps81;Philippines;2015-03-17 09:43:06;How about Hitler's clone, Krieger? He's a cool dude.;
ctpatsfan77;nfl;2015-03-17 09:44:04;I believe the game will adapt and survive. We might bemoan it to our grandkids, but it will.  After all, it was nearly killed off about 100 years ago. In 1905 alone, before the NFL, 18 college players *died* while playing football.  Teddy Roosevelt threatened to ban the game outright unless it was made safer. Two major innovations came out of that: one awesome, one not so awesome.  The awesome one: the forward pass became legal.  The not-so-awesome one: this apparently led to the creation of the NCAA.;
MorXpe;europe;2015-03-17 09:45:07;The major part of Stalin's propaganda towards personality cult took place after WW2. So yea, he could draw some inspiration from Hitler's success, although it's not like Hitler was the first dictator to know the trick.;
critahhh;france;2015-03-17 09:46:31;&gt Le gouvernement Israelien veut la paix dans la région, mais veut l'imposer par la domination d'Israel sur celle-ci. C'est pas compliqué à comprendre.  Par ce type de réflexion, et au passage en faisant honneur à Godwin, je pourrais dire qu'Hitler voulait la paix avec le monde... mais simplement en imposant sa domination. Les palestiniens aussi veulent la paix! Simplement pas avec la domination israélienne... Dans tous les cas, rien ne justifie [la colonisation.](http://blogs.mediapart.fr/blog/anas-jaballah/240714/10-verites-sur-le-conflit-israelo-palestinien-1)  Ceci dit, je ne pense pas que le Hamas veuille la paix, vu qu'ils restent au pouvoir grace à l'entretien de la haine d'Israël, mais je doute également de la volonté des politiciens israéliens à faire la paix (Bibi en étant l'exemple EVIDENT).;
PieMaster64;hockey;2015-03-17 09:46:28;My recommendation for when you visit Ottawa is to stay as close to downtown as you can and then bus out to the game. The arena is around a 25-30 minute drive in no traffic from downtown and there really isn't anything to do in the surrounding area. I know that [The Senate Sports Tavern](http://www.thesenate.ca/) in the ByWard Market offers a shuttle bus to and from the game for 5$, you just have to call ahead and reserve a seat.   For dinner, the ByWard Market has lots of great restaurants and bars. [Check this list out for suggestions.](http://www.byward-market.com/directory/restaurants.htm)   For drinks, you could either stay in the ByWard Market or head over to Elgin St. and Bank St. just south of the highway. They have bars aplenty, you really can't miss. (Elgin St. is where our 'Sens Mile' was during our Stanley Cup run, where we poured out of the bars afterwards and partied in the streets. It's only like this during playoffs though.)  For things to do, checking out Parliament Hill and the surrounding downtown core (Canadian War Memorial, National Art Gallery, and Sparks St. is a great late night walk). Since Ottawa is the capital city, most of the great museums are here, and they're a must. I'd recommend one or all of the National Art Gallery, Canadian Museum of Nature, the Museum of Civilization just over the bridge in Quebec, and Canadian War Museum (they have all sorts of war memorabilia and vehicles, including one of Hitler's cars, bullet holes and all!)  If you're the kind of person that likes a late night 'after drinks' munchie, you can't get much better/local than a shawarma. Castle Shawarma on Rideau St. is usually considered the best and is my favourite, but I'll let other Ottawa natives suggest others as there are too many shawarma shops downtown to count on two hands.  Anyways, let me know if there's anything else you want to know, whether it be in the city or at the arena itself!;
calivino;atheism;2015-03-17 09:48:06;Oh how very innocent of me!! even hitler wouldnt start an omegle chat with that line.;
bannejs;RandomActsOfGaming;2015-03-17 09:49:01;Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish, but Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.  http://steamcommunity.com/id/banne1;
For_Your_Krarma;FellowKids;2015-03-17 09:49:37;This immediately came to mind. I'm surprised so many have written this off as fellowkid shit. The teacher obviously isn't looking for a simple yes or no. The students should be thinking about why selfie's are taken. The common people take them out of vanity. In the hands of politicians, they can be propaganda. Would selfie's be permitted under a fascist regime? How does the mentality of the people living under Mussolini differ from the "Me" Generation? Would a selfie be effective propaganda for Mussolini to utilize?  My guess is OP blew it on this question. ;
Goufydude;todayilearned;2015-03-17 09:50:02;You have a pulse.  Hitler had a pulse.  Just sayin'.;
finjeta;russia;2015-03-17 09:50:00;I didn't say finland won, we didn't.      "why would you destroy something you'd want to take for yourself?" Because it's easier to take something when you don't have to make your way trough fortified positions when attacking. Why would they have even wanted those defences since if they had taken whole of finland then they had fought germans in the lapland. And comparing war to peacfull annexion wouldn't be fair, we could instead compare it to chechen wars. There were heavy damages to local buildings and as such I doupt the damage would too different to what the other wars were.      "There would be no reason to conquer it if it succeeded" How do you plan on placing a puppet government in Helsinki without invading it first. Stalin abandoned the puppet governemnt after the war was over because they couldn't be placed to lead finland.      Sure USSR could have taken finland if they had continued their offence for few weeks to take Viipuri and then another 2-6 weeks for rest of the country but the reason Stalin wanted to end the war was because he wanted the embaresing war to end quickly, it's good to note that Soviet Union deployed 1/4 of their entire active military to finnish front and had barely advanced what they were suposed to have by the day 7. Second reason for Stalin wanting to end the war was because he knew that if France and UK would see Soviet union as an enemy he would have hard time getting them to help him against Hitler instead of them just minding their own fronts.;
EasySmeasy;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:50:06;In that case, I'd fuck Eva Braun. Just to say I banged hitler's girl.;
Malashenko32;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:50:07;@AdolfH - August 23, 1939  Signed a peace treaty with the Soviet Union #MolotovRibbentrop #GGPoland #BestBuddies  @AdolfH - June 22, 1941  Barbarrossa on the way! #GetRekt #GGSovietUnion #AryansVsSlavs #Tricked #Ayy2slow  @KobaStalin - February 2 1943  Lol Germany suck  #Rekt #RedArmy #NeverForget1.13Million #LetTheBodiesHitTheFloor;
MorXpe;europe;2015-03-17 09:51:03;Jeez. If you don't know what Stalin did just go on youtube and search for Stalin terror. It's not something current Russian government would inform you about in history books.;
mayonetta;AskReddit;2015-03-17 09:53:08;Literally shitler;
Bearded_Riker;politics;2015-03-17 09:53:20;Hail Allah! Hail Marx! Hail Stalin!;
Anacarbo;podemos;2015-03-17 09:53:47;Cada año leemos cuántas mujeres han sido asesinadas por sus parejas masculinas y obviamos los casos contrarios. Que los homosexuales y las lesbianas se maten no importa, porque el régimen feminista realmente no intenta salvar a nadie, sino enfrentar a los dos géneros. Pero hablando estrictamente, el Sistema no oculta las muertes de ellos. Realmente, y por mor de la terminología, los hombres muertos por violencia de género no existen. La Ley Integral, diseñada como las normas hitlerianas solamente para una parte de la población, discrimina entre asesinados: sólo les otorga el paraguas del género a las mujeres muertas por sus parejas. Una chica a la que un extraño someta a un crimen machista tan repugnante como una violación no es víctima de violencia de género. Los niños muertos por sus padres tampoco cuentan en las estadísticas que determinan cómo se reparten el dinero las asociaciones feministas que cobran por número de denuncias conseguidas, lo que convierte el lenguaje en dinero. En cuanto a los asesinatos de hombres, el Sistema maquilla lingüísticamente hasta sus cadáveres. Al varón asesinado por su mujer le aplica la frase condenatoria algo habrá hecho, la misma que utilizaba el franquismo con las asesinadas, en un nuevo paralelismo entre feminismo y machismo.  La neolengua de Orwell, en la España de 2012. Las cifras de suicidas masculinos se dispararon en España desde que en 2005 se popularizó el café para todas de los divorcios por la vía penal, que arruinan a la mayoría de los hombres y llevan a la cárcel a un número de inocentes que nunca conoceremos. En 2006 el dato del estado civil desapareció de las estadísticas, así que los hombres en trámites de separación que se quitaban la vida se evaporaron. Stalin borró de las fotos oficiales a un Trotsky caído en desgracia que pasó a nunca haber existido, pero en esta ocasión eso les ha ocurrido a muchos miles de personas y, teóricamente, en una democracia. También borró realidades la neolengua de la novela 1984 de Orwell, con la que un gobierno totalitario retorcía las palabras basándose en que lo que no forma parte de la lengua no puede ser pensado. Por eso no existe el término hembrismo. Sí conocemos cifras de suicidios que provienen del propio régimen feminista, en concreto del Instituto Nacional de Estadística. Setenta y ocho de cada cien personas que se suicidaron en España en 2010 eran hombres. En la novela 1984, el ministerio que reescribe la historia para falsearla se llama ministerio de la Verdad. En pleno año 2010, el ministerio de la Mujer de la democracia española se llamaba ministerio de Igualdad.  @rafaelcerro  BIBLIOGRAFÍA: Las mujeres que no amaban a los hombres. Diego de los Santos. Editorial Almuzara, 2010. ;
InfoTroll4Hire;Documentaries;2015-03-17 09:54:23;Your welcome Lenin Jr. Report all you want you national socialist Nazi. why don't you record my whole post on ELS so that the brain-dead mods that lurk there can get an education.   I noticed they don't even like the history that isn't controversial. Your sub is populated by some real dummies:  &gt &gt VoteRonaldRayGun 1 point 1 day ago   &gt &gt Wait, wait wait... so German Imperialists who started WWI destroying Germany's assets is somehow communism's fault?  &gt Me:  &gt A major cause of WW1 was resentment towards Germany because they were a rising export superpower in Europe and rivalry with Russia after the Bolshevik revolution. Jewish Bolsheviks killed well over 20million people during the communist revolutions of the early 1900s-1917 (Lenin was also a Jew and a communist as was Trotsky who was living in NY prior to the communist revolution in Russia which was financed by Wall St. [Jacob Schiff provided the Bolsheviks with an estimated $20million in gold], 85% of the Bolsheviks were Jews and anyone who opposed them was either executed or thrown into a gulag forced labor camp to die). Germany was allied with Austria-Hungary whose Archduke Ferdinand was assassinated by Serbia which was allied with Russia (because they resented Austria-Hungary's absorption of Bosnia and Herzegovina after the Balkan Wars of 1912–1913 when the Ottoman Empire's control of the Balkans collapsed that was home to a substantial Serb population) which started the war (in the Corfu Declaration in 1917, the Serbian government officially declared its intention to form a state of Yugoslavia). The European Allied countries (mainly Britain) responded to Germany's defense of Austria-Hungary with a blockade of Germany from 1914-1919. France declared war on Germany after Germany declared war on Russia after Russia invaded east Prussia. Germany invaded Belgium (allied with Britain) after they refused them safe passage. By 1916, not a single shot had been fired on German soil but France and Britain were devastated. Germany offered peace terms to let everything be as it was before the war with no changes in territory.  &gt Let's not forget that the Bolsheviks succeeded in destroying Germany in WW2 and dividing it along the Berlin Wall dubbed the Iron Curtain by Winston Churchill. As soon as Hitler was removed east Germany fell under Soviet control.  [deleted]  You people are pathetic, can't even hold a decent argument so can only attempt to suppress contradicting information. No wonder you all hate free speech.  I await for ELS to launch their Jihad against Winston Churchill, who called the Jews nothing less than traitors to all their host countries and plead with them to change their treasonous ways:   &gt Winston Churchill published an article in the Illustrated Sunday Herald on this date in 1920 titled “Zionism versus Bolshevism,” in which he called upon the Jews, a “people of peculiar genius,” **to opt for being “national Jews,” not “international Jews,” i.e., communists — “world-wide conspirators for the overthrow of civilization** and for the reconstitution of society on the basis of arrested development, of envious malevolence, and impossible equality.” “The conflict between good and evil which proceeds unceasingly in the breast of man,” wrote Churchill, “nowhere reaches such an intensity as in the Jewish race. The dual nature of mankind is nowhere more strongly or more terribly exemplified. We owe to the Jews in the Christian revelation a system of ethics which, even if it were entirely separated from the supernatural, would be incomparably the most precious possession of mankind . . . And it may well be that this same astounding race may at the present time be in the actual process of producing another system of morals and philosophy, as malevolent as Christianity was benevolent, which, if not arrested, would shatter irretrievably all that Christianity has rendered possible. It would almost seem as if the gospel of Christ and the gospel of Antichrist were destined to originate among the same people  and that this mystic and mysterious race had been chosen for the supreme manifestations, both of the divine and the diabolical.”  &gt “The struggle which is now beginning between the Zionist and Bolshevik Jews is little less than a struggle for the soul of the Jewish people.” —Winston Churchill  ................. &gt http://www.fpp.co.uk/bookchapters/WSC/WSCwrote1920.html &gt International Jews  &gt In violent opposition to all this sphere of Jewish effort rise the schemes of the International Jews. The adherents of this sinister confederacy are mostly men reared up among the unhappy populations of countries where Jews are persecuted on account of their race. Most, if not all, of them have forsaken the faith of their forefathers, and divorced from their minds all spiritual hopes of the next world. This movement among the Jews is not new. From the days of Spartacus-Weishaupt to those of Karl Marx, and down to Trotsky (Russia), Bela Kun (Hungary), Rosa Luxembourg (Germany), and Emma Goldman (United States), this world-wide conspiracy for the overthrow of civilization and for the reconstitution of society on the basis of arrested development, of envious malevolence, and impossible equality, has been steadily growing. It played, as a modern writer, Mrs. Webster, has so ably shown, a definitely recognizable part in the tragedy of the French Revolution. It has been the mainspring of every subversive movement during the Nineteenth Century  and now at last this band of extraordinary personalities from the underworld of the great cities of Europe and America have gripped the Russian people by the hair of their heads and have become practically the undisputed masters of that enormous empire.  &gt Terrorist Jews  &gt There is no need to exaggerate the part played in the creation of Bolshevism and in the actual bringing about of the Russian Revolution, by these international and for the most part atheistical Jews, it is certainly a very great one  it probably outweighs all others. With the notable exception of Lenin, the majority of the leading figures are Jews. Moreover, the principal inspiration and driving power comes from the Jewish leaders. Thus Tchitcherin, a pure Russian, is eclipsed by his nominal subordinate Litvinoff, and the influence of Russians like Bukharin or Lunacharski cannot be compared with the power of Trotsky, or of Zinovieff, the Dictator of the Red Citadel (Petrograd) or of Krassin or Radek -- all Jews. In the Soviet institutions the predominance of Jews is even more astonishing. And the prominent, if not indeed the principal, part in the system of terrorism applied by the Extraordinary Commissions for Combating Counter-Revolution has been taken by Jews, and in some notable cases by Jewesses. The same evil prominence was obtained by Jews in the brief period of terror during which Bela Kun ruled in Hungary. The same phenomenon has been presented in Germany (especially in Bavaria), so far as this madness has been allowed to prey upon the temporary prostration of the German people. Although in all these countries there are many non-Jews every whit as bad as the worst of the Jewish revolutionaries, the part played by the latter in proportion to their numbers in the population is astonishing. ;
enlightened_dude;india;2015-03-17 09:54:27;The best I have had is at Avani Mississauga. Every other place tastes like it has been made with the same shaan or national masala. Do not like Karanchi kitchen at all. Zeerah on Winston Churchill and 403 is decent. ;
garrettcolas;todayilearned;2015-03-17 09:55:53;That is different than saying:   "if you have a pulse you are Hitler".  Which is a better analogy for:  "if you can't filter out noises you are a genius."  Both are equally as valid though...;
KlunkyPaste;raisedbynarcissists;2015-03-17 09:59:59;I'll probably be downvoted to hell, but when ALL of your friends, including your shrink, start doubting you, yiu might want to take a look at yourself.   I'm not saying that you are wrong. For all I know, your parents where hitler, but this "victim sympathy no matter what" is really bullshit.;
DeepStuffRicky;SubredditDrama;2015-03-17 10:01:57;Yeah, we had a long period where there were several different transitionary accents. The one Roosevelt uses here lived on as an affectation in early movies with sound. Up until about the 1950s everybody used the lockjaw affectation, called a continental accent, although a lot of those people actually talked that way, like Bette Davis and Katharine Hepburn. Pierre Elliot Trudeau had a similar accent, but his son does not.;
rizzzeh;russia;2015-03-17 10:02:08;opening second front - literally hitler!;
Nyuhtaim;podemos;2015-03-17 10:02:36;Es alucinante el hecho de ver cómo los medios han anulado la capacidad de análisis de la realidad de mucha gente. Media mass, dinámicas estresantes, alimentos con cargas neurotóxicas...qué duda cabe que quien ha diseñado esto lo ha hecho cara lograr un claro propósito...Quienes hemos "despertado" por así decirlo o más bien quienes conservamos el sentido común vemos todo esto claro...Otros no, e intento comprender por qué algo tan evidente no son capaces de verlo. Se han acostumbrado a tragar con todo lo que los medios le ponen en la mesa. Tragan con toda clase de trampantojos...y como le intentes decir que eso es un trampantojo, o sea un bacalao con forma de chocolate y no chocolate, te van al cuello.  Como dato positivo me quedo con el hecho de saber que gente que daba por imposible, al final, no sé cómo, acabó viendo la luz...  pero sí...alucinante la influencia que ejercen los media mass sobre algunas personas.;
CantStopWhitey;MorbidReality;2015-03-17 10:03:08;I am, and am surprised.  Thank you.  I will explain how we differ and how we agree.  First, everything we are about to discuss is serious, horrific atrocities.  Please don't misunderstand my stance on that. Sldo, I'll try to cram it all into a nutshell as I doubt you'll respond further. Now to the differences.  As for the Jews, was actually closer to around 3 million jews who died.   It was not a "systemic extermination".  They were most definitely put into concentration camps, but the ovens are myths.  The gassings by Zyklon B are myths.  It has been proven that it was simply impossible to burn all of the bodies with the crematoriums they had at their disposal.  The Zyklon B was, indeed for delousing, not used for gassing people because there simply were no airtight rooms found in any of the camps.  (That surprised me very much as well at first!)    So, how did 3 million so die? The concentration camps were still full near the end of the war.  Rampant diseases swept through the camps killing most and the others died of famine as German supply lines were cut of by Allied bombings.  Did you know that there is not one single document by any of yhe top German officials, including Hitler himself, calling for the execution of those in the camps?  Weird right?  Go to /r/history and ask them, just about this last fact, and they will ban you outright.  Try it if you don't believe me. ;
nap682;anime;2015-03-17 10:03:29;That I enjoyed the most:  1: Angel Beats  2: FMA:Brotherhood  3: Ben-to  4: Sword of the Stranger(If you'll allow movies)  4.5: Attack on Titan  5: Baka to Test  6: Binbougami ga!  7: Kill la Kill  8: Guilty Crown (The music was great and my roommate and I ended up having fun banter of "Hitler(Shu) vs Stalin(Gai)"  9: Raildex  10: Arpeggio of Blue Steel ;
BrolestBrolin;justneckbeardthings;2015-03-17 10:03:49;M'lady,  I propose that we meet for a euphoric snack of Mountain Dew and Doritos. I will wear my finest gentlesir attire. I expect that you will cosplay for dinner.  Sincerely,  /u/HitlerDidNothingWrong;
Irina17;podemos;2015-03-17 10:04:13;El régimen Franquista nunca se pronunció en contra de la Alemania de Hitler, más bien podría decirse lo contrario (recordemos la llamada "División Azul"). Los herederos del régimen dictatorial español conformaron un partido llamado Alianza Popular (su fundador era Fraga Iribarne, ministro franquista) que ni tan siquiera votó a favor de la Constitución del año '78, partido éste ahora llamado Partido Popular. Las palabras pueden engañar, enredar, etc, pero los hechos no. Y estos son los hechos. ;
ProtoPolish;europe;2015-03-17 10:05:47;Socialism can't fix any economy, it can only destroy it. Hitler made giant debt, he had to start a war.;
AutoModerator;videos;2015-03-17 10:07:12;Hello /u/arthurtruman,  Thank you for your submission. Unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to post things to /r/videos at this time.   /r/videos requires users have, at a minimum, 10 link **and** 10 comment karma.  We suggest that you comment in some popular threads and submit links to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back.  We do this to prevent spammers from abusing /r/videos. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused. We look forward to your submissions in the future.    *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fvideos) if you have any questions or concerns.*;
kingofeggsandwiches;todayilearned;2015-03-17 10:08:35;You mean like when Truman fucked the British and Canadians out of their own research? The research they'd sent their best scientists to work on and provided the research basis for by "losing" the document Roosevelt had signed before he died agreeing to share whatever progress the Manhattan project made, in return for all the the prior research the British and Canadians had made designing nuclear weapons and the assistance of the scientists assigned to those projects? ;
holmenkolmen;movies;2015-03-17 10:09:21;They missed some really good movies. Off the top of my head:  9 Rota (9th company) The Thin Red Line Stalingrad The Iron Cross Defiance Ran Hurt Locker  Not really Action War movies per se but if the had Catch 22 and Kellys Heroes they should've added these aswell.  The Pianist Schindlers List Der Untergang (Downfall) The Great Dictator Casablanca Empire of the sun Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence  ;
Smokey_Circles;tifu;2015-03-17 10:09:29;Like, to be that guy, how is this offensive?  It's not "Hey let's bake the jews because Hitler was awesome". It's a pun. A darker pun, sure. But seriously. There are far worse jokes.  Like the jewish people in general (see, even that's more offensive);
FrontpageWatch;longtail;2015-03-17 10:09:51;&gt Obligatory front page of ask reddit edit! &gt  &gt Of course it would be on a perverted throwaway. At least the thread is relevant. &gt  &gt Also, my mom appears to have lost her #1 slot to Stalin? I'll have to tally these later! &gt  &gt Edit x: No mention of Scarlet Jo surprisingly;
RazDwaTrzy;europe;2015-03-17 10:10:08;Frankly speaking, nothing comes to my mind in terms of what communists could take from Hitler.  Since the end of the 'Great War', they'd been doing 'pretty well' with building machine of death on their own.  GULAG, Cheka, cult of Lenin, Comintern, terror - these had been parts of the system long before Hitler became strong enough to influence on Germany.  After Lenin's death in 1924, Stalin took the power and inherited popularity of his predecessor, which from that point was raising very fast. With fear altogether.  One fine thing has just came to my mind, which may describe differences and independence in "thinking" between those two systems - technology:  Hitler crossed the 'space border' with V2 rocket.  Stalin built White Sea–Baltic Canal with bare hands in record time of 3 years. It's the longest canal in the world and the most useless one as well. Technology used to build the canal was taken directly from middle-age period. Wood and blood.;
oleg771409;explainlikeimfive;2015-03-17 10:10:32;sorry ofr my english, hope you will understand me. i will explain with steps. part 1 - in democracy 1. to governate a country (state) you need to know a lot of things  about economy, agriculture, history, education and so on. People who vote, do not know that theory, that's why politicians can not speak with them on that level, becouse nobody will understand him. For example: I am engineer, and i am going in kindergarden to promote my services in instaling new heat system. For that we organise a meeting with childrens of 3-5 years old. If i will speak with them about efficiency it make no sense. I have to speak about colors and how nice it looks.  The same thing is politicians, are speaking with us about income, about good roads and so on. 2. 4-8 years terms of govrnemnt, then revoting. minimum term of an strategy for one country is 200 years, you can do nothing in 4 years. in 4 years you like a politician, just have to do your piar campaign - tv show - for ex. meetings, contracts and so on 3. Advertisment always will promise things which are impossible, or just  good part of the things. 4. democracy can not exist without coruption. For example free media, there oficial income a  too low. Profits they gain from illegal financing, like Political party. 5. democracy is inefficient govrnement. Becouse if we have different political views in one govrnment, the sum of the forces are less, somebody goes to left, somebody to right ("-" + "+" = 0) 6. everytime in democracy is coming somebody who is promising changes.... changes are not stability for target 7. Government decide the control in the country, and money decide who will be on govrnment   i can speak a lot about this.  Non democracy 1 They do  what they want, and nobody can tell them what to do;
Carcharodon_literati;DowntonAbbey;2015-03-17 10:10:54;Herr Hitler got a mention in the past season.;
rlsands1997;gifs;2015-03-17 10:12:35;http://img.pandawhale.com/43634-stalin-dear-diary-today-OP-was-2N1J.jpeg;
3rim;NewRussia;2015-03-17 10:12:49;Translator:   ДУЛЯ (nonentity (stick thumb between index and middle fingers in Russia - комбинация из трех пальцев - which litterally means "nothing", but is used to mean 'get knotted', 'up yours' etc)  &gt ФИГА (FIGA) -- fico  fuck off (показать кому-н кукиш / фига and коза показать are a similar 2-fingers gesture Andrew Goff)  stick 2 fingers up at someone (stick thumb between index and middle fingers in Russia, stick index and middle finger up in Britain &amp  stick up just middle finger in America Andrew Goff)  figa (NBagniouk)  &gt fig  the bird (грубый жест в знак презрительного отказа, издёвки, насмешки и т. п. в виде сложенных в кулак пальцев руки с большим пальцем, просунутым между указательным и средним a rude gesture of refusal, insult or ridicule (in Russia one makes a fist and sticks one's thumb between the index and middle fingers  in America one shows an extended middle finger))  the finger  stick your fingers up (Andrew Goff)  the highway salute (Andrew Goff)  fig sign (Andrew Goff)  Stalin forever! :);
1125a;MLPLounge;2015-03-17 10:13:56;this man makes hitler scoff in disgust;
BeatlesForSale;britishproblems;2015-03-17 10:14:05;Literally Hitler ;
kesuaus;casualiama;2015-03-17 10:14:18;Not op, but this interested me so.  1. Definitely, even if he did only one  real magic stunt, still way beyond the level of Albert Einstein already.  2. I am not sure if I'd have released every political prisoner on Earth even if it was in my power, so no. I would not kill a horse for that.  3. Hitler's skull, that would be the most impressive thing in my whole house, hell I'd pay for that thing, and I bet many many people would pay me just to visit my house and see it for themselves.   4. No I would not swallow the pill.   5. Probably yes, the embarrassment would be way less embarrassing than the awesomeness of watching my dreams.   6. The president's cancer for sure, I think there are way more impressive creatures than Nessie or Bigfoot already. Even if they are real, president having cancer is a thing that shakes the economy way more. Look at Tardigrades very  impressive creatures yet most don't even know they exist.  7.  I hate puppets, I wouldn't even think of marrying that person.  8.  I would find it intriguing and I definitely would have to read it. So yes, increase.  9.  I am a special effects nerd,  I don't believe in this type of mystical stuff so, yes I would stay and watch the movie.  10. Nothing or everything honestly , it would be kind of hard decision to make. Would have to witness it.  11. You specified that they can read, not that they can understand. I do not know the capabilities of cat's brain but they are definitely limited.  12. Explaining to everyone why I had chosen not to undergo the operation? Seriously this would drastically change who I am, not going through that.   13. I am already in Europe. Definitely moon, can make a lot of money of off the things I collect, can go there and video tape myself on the moon and other cool stuff. Would make enough money for year in the US. :P   14.  Wouldn't that kill them too though? I tripped while approaching him and when falling onto the ground my leg hit his chest? Seems perfectly reasonable to me.  15.  The second one. I'd also declare that both of these movies are equally inaccurate.    ;
NYX94;gaming;2015-03-17 10:14:43;Hitler Gamer;
LegendReborn;SubredditDrama;2015-03-17 10:15:27;Maybe it becomes a compliment. "Susan, that bag is so Hitler. Where did you get it?" ;
Michael123443;socialism;2015-03-17 10:15:37;Huh, next thing your going to tell me is that Stalin didn't skin kittens alive for fun? Give me a break...;
Bltzkrg;cringepics;2015-03-17 10:15:42;easy there hitler;
thedefinitionofidiot;Showerthoughts;2015-03-17 10:18:27;To which the waitress says, "Yes." She gives a Nazi salute, "Heil Hitler!"  You rise from your seat, returning the salute. "Heil!" The two of you, confirmed Nazis, leave the restaurant to exterminate the Jews and establish the Fourth Reich.;
Honcho21;socialism;2015-03-17 10:18:57;I'd rather not given that I really don't think I know enough about Soviet history or Materialism but knowing the kind of gobshite that will come out of this thread I feel obligated to create some semi-coherent response.  We are materialists, we view each changing epoch of society as a change from one ruling class to another as a result of the antagonisms that grow between the old ruling class and the new class that emerges out of a change in economic conditions. The Capitalist class replaced the old Feudal ruling class and established a new constitution and government that matched the needs of these new economic conditions.  The will happen/ has happened with Capitalism, the working class will replace the Capitalist class as the ruling class. However, the difference here being that the working class will be the majority of the population and therefore establish a democratic, common ownership of society on the basis of a planned economy dictated by Worker's Councils/ Communes that will form the basis of a new government, one from the bottom up where the central government plays a purely administrative role and where these local Councils now play the central role. This new government will replace the old constitution of Capitalist society and allow society to catch up with these new economic conditions.  The fundamental problem with Russia is that it's economic conditions were highly underdeveloped and remained largely Feudalistic in it's conditions, to the point where the Tzarist Monarchy was still ruling while Monarchies had been neutered/ completely destroyed in most of Europe already. So what the Bolsheviks inherited was a semi Feudal country where the working class were a small minority of the population and the peasantry was still the majority. Unfortunately the peasantry were not so keen on Socialism, why? I do not know but many were hostile to the Bolsheviks wile some peasants supported them.  What's worse is that much of the working class were killed off during the civil war as well as much of the industrial development Russia had was wiped out as well. As a result the central government had to essentially fill in where the working class didn't exist and so over time, along side the necessity of fighting a war, the Bolshevik government became heavily centralised. With a centralised and authoritarian government comes bureaucracy, and it was a big concern for the Bolsheviks to keep the bureaucracy at bay, however, it was only 1924 when Lenin died and when Stalin took over.  I won't say much about Stalin other than he represented the very worst of this bureaucracy and allowed it to grow within the State which, as a consequence, meant that worker's control was never fully reestablished and remained as a top down authoritarian regime.  The reason so many Communist countries after the Soviet Union became like the Soviet Union was because it totally dominated the idea of Socialism in the 20th century, most revolutionary governments were propped up by the Soviets and any revolutionary movements that were not in line with the Soviet bureaucracy were put down or taken over by Stalinist shills i.e the Spanish civil war, France 1968 etc   Also: Socialism is international, the October revolution remained isolated after the German revolution of 1919 failed, this isolation was also a contributing factor to it's degeneracy because a bureaucracy cannot survive with the pressure of international revolution being forced upon it. The Russian revolution was dependent on the German revolution because unlike Russia, Germany was a fully matured Capitalist State that would have supported Russia.;
Your_Cake_Is_A_Lie;politics;2015-03-17 10:21:00;&gt Lets spend another decade or two in the middle east and do nothing but destabilize the region, because Hitler.  So basically continue what we've been doing for the past 60 years?;
TittlesMcJizzum;todayilearned;2015-03-17 10:22:03;Don't you mean hitler tortellini at the battle of waterdiddlydoodly? I think I waz there.;
strippermedic;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:23:45;A lot of the same reasons 'feminist' does.   The status quo doesn't like their beliefs being challenged or exposed as bullshit, and if you get upset about it, you become one of those over-reacting-as-bad-as-hitler strawmen. ;
MH370BlackBox;news;2015-03-17 10:24:19;Hitler would've won the Nobel War prize in 1942 for his fantastic blitz of the low countries, France, and the Ardennes.   And he would've deserved it! ;
CheesusRice;politics;2015-03-17 10:24:55;This is like an episode of House of Cards.  I don't know if I have been psychologically primed to make certain connections now or I have a different way of thinking with exposure to hypothetical, albeit, realistic political actions.  The connections I see is that certain states are lobbying for this because the state level government knows that it will create a burden and therefore have to sell to private investors to ease the tax cost, thus, companies can use the land for private interest.  In my mind it makes sense because until this proposal was made I have never heard of the national park system being an issue.  It was always praised as this awesome thing the Teddy Roosevelt created.  ;
venuswasaflytrap;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:27:11;You know that Hitler was running the German economy into the ground right?;
Abravadabra;worldnews;2015-03-17 10:27:19;That's absolutely not true in France, maybe that's a logic wich applies to the USA but not in France.  It's good storytelling and i see why redditor love it but it's far away from any truth.  The french revolution wasn't an "every brake is broken" moment. At first the revolutionary wanted to keep the king in place just with a limitation of power. It's because the king didn't respect his part of the deal several times he was executed. He was vetoing constantly bills voted by the parliament, he tried to ally himself with other european monarchs against France. The royalty was not discarded at all and the French people still had a lot of respect for their king. Even after the betrayal of the king there was still a lot of debat in the parliament to see if they should kill the king or not.  The revolution was also preceeded by the "Etats géneraux" were all the population said what they had to say to the king.   Of course the revolution had its dark times but it was not as simplist as you make it sounds.  And you also forgot entirely that particularly in the 20th and now 21st century a lot of time it's conservatives who had extreme attemps to make the society as they wishes it was. Like hitler or mussolini. They were not only "moderating the march of  pogress". And if we take hitler point of view what he was doing was progress. Progress to a more conservative society.  You can make anything under the term progressive and conservative. If you are in a perfect equalitarian free democracy and someone wants to change it to more inequality and less liberty, that is so called "progressive" who will surely be the conservative and will want to spot the modification of the society.;
JJWattGotSnubbed;Showerthoughts;2015-03-17 10:27:20;Isn't it though? Who is youtube owned by? Thats right, Google. Who is google owned by? Thats right, Larry Page and Sergey Brin. Have you ever seen Larry Page and Sergey Brin in the same room as Hitler? No? Then you know what that means, they are the same person!;
BraveSquirrel;news;2015-03-17 10:27:35;Is it fucked up?  Fuck yes.  Would I rather live in the US now instead of East Germany after WWII, or Stalinist Russia, or Pol Pot's Cambodia, or.. well, I could go on and on.  Fuck yes.;
came_a_box;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:28:37;Russia claiming parts of Ukraine as theirs similar to what Hitler did. North Koreans supposedly having nuclear abilities and "testing" them. All that war in the middle East, including Israel killing Palesinians. and US continues to dabble into other countries business. so probably;
Radene;europe;2015-03-17 10:28:40;When Germany attacked, USSR's territory losses were HUGE, because they couldn't hold onto it. Only when the war turned around (and Stalin pointed Zhukov at the Germans) did the Russians start recovering that lost ground.;
forcreepingonly;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:28:47;There's nothing like living out your fantasy of being Hitler and having your Panzer divisions destroyed by warriors in a mountain city.;
Pablopubes;subredditoftheday;2015-03-17 10:29:23;I live on the west coast so no Yingling in these parts, so I can't drink cheap beer because SABmiller and ABinBev are literally hitler.  DAE sourz are the new IPA?;
MotorboatingSofaB;newjersey;2015-03-17 10:29:55;Ithaca (Finger Lakes)  My wife and I have gone up every year for the past 5 years.  We tend to go in the summer or fall since Winter could be pretty harsh up there.  I see you're going in a few weeks which should be OK, but certainly not swimming weather.  Ithaca itself is a pretty small town but with some wonderful restaurants.  Really, we go for the wineries.  There are over 100 wineries in the Finger Lakes region with the bulk of them on Cayuga and Seneca lake.  When we go, we like to stay on the west of Cayuga near Trumansberg since that is right smack in the middle of wineries, while still being close to Ithaca.  Beyond drinking wine, there are loads of amazing hiking trails around the gorges and plenty of local swimming holes under waterfalls (again, more for the summer)  You won't find too many hotels up there, so I would recommend using AirBnB to find a room or house for rent.  You'd be going during the off-season, so you should be able to find some pretty good deals.  $300 might be tough since the lodging would cost that much, but the good thing about the wineries is that tasting are at MAX $5 with some being free.  There are also breweries (my personal favorite - Ithaca Brewery) and distilleries that are opening.  If you do end up going, go to Stone Cat cafe of the east side of Seneca lake.  True farm-to-table restaurant that is outstanding.  I could go on and on, so let me know if you want more recommendations.;
kamicom;starcraft;2015-03-17 10:30:19;So... he's Twitch Hitler?;
Angam23;shittyreactiongifs;2015-03-17 10:31:25;But it has Hitler!  You're saying you don't think Hitler is shitty?;
tomaburque;politics;2015-03-17 10:32:13;Since he brought up Hitler I'll bring up the famous quote from a Nazi about how to get the citizens to support war.    "Of course the people don't want war. But after all, it's the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it's always a simple matter to drag the people along whether it's a democracy, a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship. Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism, and exposing the country to greater danger." -- Herman Goering at the Nuremberg trials;
robby7345;TumblrInAction;2015-03-17 10:32:19;At this point I would fine a time traveling story much more interesting if they had to *protect* Hitler despite how much they hated him. To prevent paradoxes and even-worse-time-lines and what not.;
randarrow;AdviceAnimals;2015-03-17 10:33:07;[Springtime for Hitler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiryTUCtLNA);
Ex_Officio15;justneckbeardthings;2015-03-17 10:33:48;I was trying to invert the "literally Hitler" meme. Clearly, I failed. ;
TheDunco;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:34:00;A love story between a drug lord who is also a goat and mecha Hitler.;
GI_Jack;Cyberpunk;2015-03-17 10:34:40;&gt It is very hard to show that any new form of government is superior to that practiced now. It is even harder to show that any new form of government is superior to any practiced ever.  I think its safe to say I stoppped taking him serious at the first paragraph. While the second sentence is obviously true, does anyone really believe that our current government(USA) is *really* the best we could think of? I for one thing we could have a unicarmel legislature, ballot iniatives, recall elections, and of course proportional representation. Like this do other places in the world, and like we have locally in some states.  &gt And perhaps, of course, it is. I mean, even Churchill - hardly history's picture of a democrat - said, "democracy is the worst possible form of government, except for all the others."  &gt Of course, Churchill also drank a fifth of Scotch every day. Perhaps he was drunk. Perhaps he was wrong. Perhaps he was lying. Perhaps he was both wrong and lying. Perhaps he was so lying, so wrong, and so drunk that he actually turned out to be right  Not mentioned is Churchill's outright support for mousolini up until he became the enemy. No, Churchhill was a died in wool Tory and *fucking hated* every bit of populist rule. Of course we could talk about his drinking.  &gt  On the other hand, if you can't just agree that Nazism and Communism were nasty, you must get water on the brain every time it rains.   Stunning critique of other systems. Though provoking. Defiant. Totally reliant on public perception of various systems as spoon fed through propaganda, and watered down grade school explinations, re-amplified with hyperbolic language.  So, after about 5 paragraphs of fluff about lamenting between two false choices we get to this:  &gt Let's start with my ideal world - the world of thousands, preferably even tens of thousands, of neocameralist city-states and ministates, or neostates. The organizations which own and operate these neostates are for-profit sovereign corporations, or sovcorps. For the moment, let's assume a one-to-one mapping between sovcorp and neostate.  Feudalism worked so well the first time around. If you want to know how this turns out, look at every time this has been tried in modern history. Pullman car company comes to mind. What you have is zero freedom, and workers getting paid in script instead of real money so they can't leave(because they don't have any real money), and the company uses edifices of the state such as police, spies, propaganda to keep the workers in line for an ever decreasing paycheck.  &gt Residents fit into two classes: patron and dependent. Dependents are not legally responsible, and are under the authority of their patrons. There is no dependent without patron, although subcorps or suborgs may act as patrons. The neocameralist state is not a charitable organization, but it has no reason not to tolerate a genuinely apolitical charity.  lets re-introduce serfdom while we are at it.  &gt The business of a sovcorp is to make money by deterring aggression. Since human aggression is a serious problem, preventing it should be a good business.   Throw in for for-profit law enforcement.  &gt Moreover, the existence of unprofitable governments in your vicinity is serious cause for concern, because unprofitable governments tend to have strange decision structures and do weird, dangerous things.  damn commies. I mean like lets invade them and make them all serfs and then we can force them to be profitable.  &gt The joint-stock model is hundreds of years old. It is as proven as proven can be. Anyone who questions its potency in producing profit and annihilating waste and graft might as well believe in the international Jewish conspiracy while they're at it.  jew-baiting now? The joint-stock model hasn't been considered "mainstream" since around 1910, before then it was considered irreptuable. Its instability and waste are unquestionable, and its inherent flawedness has been evidence from the first stock market crash, to everytime wages get cut while profits soar, and we cannot do anything about it.  This is certainly "cyber-punk", as its certainly dystopian enough to fit in as a plot element in a really good cyberpunk novel(or movie). But the point of cyberpunk, as well as most dystopiast fiction is to warn the reader about the dangers of this possible outcome, not to hearld in the fail.  I have to ask, why have you decided to revive every fail idea since before the 19th century.;
MaltyBeverage;worldnews;2015-03-17 10:36:08;Maybe by American standards. Fascism is big on government control and state benefits to those it likes. Mussolini was a leading socialist before he made the fascist and the nazis were the national socialist and before that hitler ran the workers party. Fascism is right due to nationalism, imperialism, militarism, etc.   Putin is left of hitler but way to the right ;
DimeShake;CitiesSkylines;2015-03-17 10:36:30;I thought it was Teddy Roosevelt.;
abowsh;Economics;2015-03-17 10:36:50;&gt Why it is like every conservative ideal about economics is wrong and only through constant bombardment of propaganda have they convinced the public they are right.  I'm not sure what you are trying to get here. It seems like you are making the claim of "you guys are always wrong and I'm always right." I really hope you aren't making any conclusions off of this one article (or, more likely, this headline). Your comment history suggests that you spend most of your time on Reddit insulting Republicans, calling them "fucktards," "shits," and constantly comparing them to Hitler.   Your position of "every conservative ideal about economics" being wrong is obviously false. While it's difficult to claim "right" or "wrong" in economic theory, it's incredibly easy to recognize that nearly all economic ideologies have strong points. If you cannot recognize the merit in an economic theory, you need to go back to square one. ;
Ruairi_1;Gunners;2015-03-17 10:36:56;Hitler was such a disappointment ;
tarifapirate;gibraltar;2015-03-17 10:37:14;Royal Gib Police @RGPolice  ·  6h 6 hours ago #GIBTRAFFIC An aircraft disaster exercise will take place at 14:30 Wed 18th March. Expect traffic delays on Winston Churchill Av #Gibraltar;
idislikeapple;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:37:48;Calm down hitler;
HerpertDerpington;TestOutfit;2015-03-17 10:38:11;Alien Hitler with tentacles and strange goo!;
SirHumpy;CanadaPolitics;2015-03-17 10:38:32;&gt  If a Jew voluntarily chose to get an Auschwitz tattoo because they believed Hitler had a point, I'd hope we'd allow them that freedom but ask that during the ceremony they didn't insist on displaying it prominently.  [Godwin'd in 6 comments.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law);
CallMeCaptain;guns;2015-03-17 10:38:45;"Amreekans, want put Bubba rails and other chort on glorious rifle of General Kalashnikov, comrade," said Dimitri. "Patience, Comrade," Josif said. "We have top secret project working behind the scenes."  "Comrade, I see photos of glorious defender of Stalingrad taken and sporterized with bipod and flashlight," Dimitri sighed. "It hurts heart and eyes. What is plan to make pain stop?"  "Tovarisch, we have very good plan....." Josif held his hands together in front of his face, almost in prayer. "We take shitty Amreekan tec-9, give AR stock because Amreekans worship all things AR then add barrel shroud to make look old machine gun from world war. Boring stick magazine with no dickbutt engraving. Just straight, blank stick. Add collapsible stock, Amreekans pay BIIIIIIG RUBLES for this."  "Perfect, Josif. Perfect," said Dimitri, tears of joy forming at the corners of his eyes.;
Andreahb;italy;2015-03-17 10:40:08;Hanno visibilità personale in quanto nomi di rilievo, non hanno visibilità nelle idee che portano avanti. Nessuno di voi credo ha mai sentito un discorso integrale di Vandana Shiva, la conoscete perché l'attivismo pro-ogm l'ha resa un bersaglio grosso. Il suo intervento (quello che dice) si perderà tra mille altri, non sei stupido, non fare finta di non capire, tanto non ci legge nessuno qui.  Gli ambassador sono delle figurine messe lì per far girare nomi e far comprare biglietti. Cazzo, c'è BUFFON. Vuol dire che l'expo appoggia i portieri fascisti? No.  Sulle idee anti-scientifiche è un altro discorso, ma tanto con te è sempre un altro discorso. Sarei pure d'accordo, in teoria, ma in questo caso non si fanno danni. La Shiva, ripeto, dice tante altre cose sulle questioni alimentari, non solo roba anti-scientifica. Cose che non condivido comunque, ma che hanno una loro dignità e va bene che ci siano. L'Expo è una manifestazione inclusiva, è comprensibilissimo e accettabile che ci sia la Shiva, per quanto vogliate dipingerla come una sorta di Hitler con il puntino sulla fronte.;
MaxDerps;worldnews;2015-03-17 10:41:42;Im talking about stalinist colectivisation.... ;
MordorsFinest;todayilearned;2015-03-17 10:41:55;You mean the time Hitler surprised the armies of Mansa Musa by popping out of a cake in a waterlilly bikini? I think I was there too;
hedorah3;whowouldwin;2015-03-17 10:43:28;Mecha-Churchill and Mecha-FDR get stomped;
Bwhite1;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:44:58;I've thought about that a lot.   Hitler let 400,000 men live at Dunkirk... Not entirely related, but interesting none the less. ;
na-na-nashi;europe;2015-03-17 10:45:50;&gt I've yet to hear one convincing argument in favour non-payment of reparations  How about this: The German people who were responsible for WWII are dead. My grandmother is 90, she was 8 years old when then Hitler rose to power. I don't see how we should be held responsible for something our great-grandparents did.;
ZippityD;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:45:50;Yeah, this gets much more interesting! Thanks for the tip!  We got your racists:  &gt  Most indigenous races on this planet, along with most of the middle east population are nothing but UN-evolved, UN-educated savages and idiots held in the past by false gods and non-existent claims to things that do not exist.  Your anti-religion:  &gt  I believe religion should be treated like a mental illness. How religion can be viewed as healthy I don't know.  Your reflective Nazis: &gt  I'm not a national socialist, and I dislike how Mussolini's Italy had started to concern itself with Jews and race near the end of WWII. However, western civilization would have been far better off if the Axis won World War 2.[1]   If the men who fought in WWII could have seen the future of their countries, most allied men would have changed sides to join the Axis, and the Germans and Italians would have fought 10 times as fervently. Sorry Jews, and non-whites. You guys just need to take one for the team.  Your self described INTJs: &gt  I am a lot smarter than 90% of the people that I socialize with.  And your straight assholes: &gt  Kanye West isn't that bad.;
DevilsLittleChicken;Gunners;2015-03-17 10:46:57;Sliced Hitler was even worse.. ;
adoredelanoroosevelt;rupaulsdragrace;2015-03-17 10:47:29;She Mail is actually what Hitler used to call his execution orders.  READ A BOOK.;
Imalurkerwhocomments;TumblrInAction;2015-03-17 10:47:33;I wouldn't kill Hitler, that's a pretty big event in history and I don't know what sort of stuff I'd screw up by changing it.;
end_of_discussion;OkCupid;2015-03-17 10:48:43;Non food/drink places:  Watch the planes land at National at Gravelly Point.  Monuments at night  National Zoo  Night time tours of the Arboretum.  Picnic on Hains Point to watch over the river  Driving range at Top Golf in Alexandria or East Potomac  Putt Putt at H St Country Club  Any free outdoor movie at the numerous parks  Hike Teddy Roosevelt Island  Bike ride on Beach Dr on the weekends in Rock Creek park, they shut the roads down to traffic.  Walk along the C&amp O canal in Georgetown;
kakashi150;SquaredCircle;2015-03-17 10:49:32;There would have been utter hell and Brock would be "Literally Hitler";
Kryvakryz;KotakuInAction;2015-03-17 10:49:44;&gt his prime allies were churches,  Now you're just repeating whatever the media told you. This isn't as simple as you think.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Catholicism#Nazi_Germany  Hell, even Dachau concentration camp had barracks specifically for clergy. I also recommend reading about Der Sturmer and it's stance on christianity/catholic church.  &gt he fought with traditional techniques  Define what that means and prove said "techniques" were used only by the "conservatives".  &gt He was socially, politically, alliance-ally, strategically, and technologically conservative  That just makes no sense. Your views on conservatism are strongly grounded in the present-day perception of it. What do you mean by implying he was "socially conservative"? Hitler refused to denounce Ernst Rohm several times despite his homosexuality, in fact Hitler even said this was Rohm's private matter. I honestly don't know what being "politically conservative" means, nor understand how one can be "alliance-ally conservative". Do you refer to his allies and their political views perhaps? Nazis allied with whomever they could as long as the net result of the alliance was positive:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molotov%E2%80%93Ribbentrop_Pact  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German%E2%80%93Soviet_military_parade_in_Brest-Litovsk  And could you please explain to me what does it mean to be "strategically conservative" or how Hiter was "technologically conservative"? I know of many green left politicians who aren't exactly supportive of new technologies and I don't think that makes them conservatives, by the way.;
whyohwhybri;OkCupid;2015-03-17 10:49:53;And I'm sure Hitler wasn't so bad, aside from the whole "kill all Jews" idea.;
Apostrophe;russia;2015-03-17 10:52:22;There are numerous logical reasons behind this:   First of all, these troops are located at a new military base in Alakurtti. New military arrangements benefit from drilling. It is a useful test. This is a very sensible military reason. You put troops in a new place, you check for new problems.  Secondly, the troops are located on land that previously belonged to Finland, land that Stalin took in WWII. With the recent transfer of Crimea to Russia there may be those who think that Russia is now open to correcting what the Russians have called *historical mistakes*. That's what they called Crimea going to Ukraine, for example. So, some might think that maybe Russia is now open to correcting some of the *historical mistakes* where Stalin took land from other countries. Placing troops there and announcing very public drills is a good way to show to everyone that Russia wants to keep this land - don't even bother asking.  Thirdly, this sort of drilling very near to Finland obviously makes many Finnish people very nervous. The Russians attacked us once, so maybe they're coming again? This increases support for joining NATO, and the current government in Russia very much wants Finland to join NATO. They've been marketing a narrative that NATO is imperialistic and dangerous to Russia. That NATO is expanding towards Russia. That foreign forces are conspiring to destroy Russia. They want Russians to be afraid of the West. Another country joining NATO right next to Russia allows them to say : *"See! NATO is coming! Keep us in power, we can protect you! Don't let the Western-minded liberals get into power! The West is dangerous!"*;
dsprox;conspiracy;2015-03-17 10:54:02;&gt I'm looking at it like what it is.  No you're not, that's absolutely 100% wrong, and proved wrong by basics ballistics trajectory analysis.  He was shot from the sewer storm drain at the bottom of the grassy knoll.  You can literally draw a line from that point to his head at the exact angle the bullet was fired from, because that's how it happened, which is why it causes his head to go back, UP, and to the technical right if you are viewing from the perspective of the shooter, back and to the left from the view behind Kennedy.  Bill Cooper had access to a lot of information, but because of that I feel it was grouped with a lot of disinformation to keep him from being able to properly "spill the beans".  Nobody is going to listen to what you have to say about the NSA in 1991 when what you say is literally this:  &gt  President Truman created the supersecret National Security Agency (NSA) by secret Executive order on November 4, 1952. Its primary purpose was to decipher the alien communications, language, and establish a dialogue with the extraterrestrials.  &gt This most urgent task was a continuation of the earlier effort.  &gt The secondary purpose of the NSA was to monitor all communications and emissions from any and all electronic devices worldwide for the purpose of gathering intelligence, both human and alien, and to contain the secret of the alien presence.  "What? Aliens? Yeah sure, this guy's crazy. All that NSA stuff must be wrong too since this nut job is saying its' because of aliens."  This is why I feel that the government uses aliens as propaganda for social control in many various forms, one of which is to keep dissenters marginalized, much like Bill Cooper was.;
Simelineon;teenagers;2015-03-17 10:55:26;Two of my favourite ones:  I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.  Oscar Wilde   Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be  for without victory, there is no survival.  Winston Churchill;
nathanmasse;TimeTravelWhatIf;2015-03-17 10:55:34;Well I assume you're also implying that the population, infrastructure, and military equipment are also transfers back in time.    There are two scenarios: 1) Germany realizes they've been sent back immediately (without launching the invasion of Poland) and 2) They are unaware and invade Poland assuming they're still in 1939. Honestly, I don’t think that we need to delve into the specifics of each example because in either event Germany would eventually realize something had happened as they blitz across Poland and find none of the resistance they expected or just when the Germany population tunes in with their radios and find that almost none of the non-German stations are active. Either way, within a matter of days Germany has realized it’s in 1919.  Regardless of which scenario is the case there are a few facts we can establish: 1) Germany is the most technologically advanced nation on the planet, by far  2) Germany is the most populous *stable* country in Europe, twice the population of France or UK at the time  and 3) The rest of Europe is still devastated from the Great War and would be in no position to (truly) resist in any capacity.  I honestly can’t think of what would make Hitler happier at this point in his life than to be in 1919 and see the looks on the diplomats’ faces as he explains what the Treaty of Versailles (which they just passed two months ago) had done and how he and still managed to make Germany the 1939 juggernaut it would appear to be.  Obviously he would embellish the story and whatnot but that’s neither here nor there.  It would be simple enough for Hitler to demonstrate the force at his disposal by launching a coordinated air attack on Paris (or London!) or simple sending his wolfpacks out and putting the UK in a stranglehold.  He may simply decide (since he is staunchly anti-communist to nip the Bolshevik Movement in the butt and successfully occupy Western Russia. No matter how he shows it, Germany would become the dominant force in Europe, without a doubt, but that’s just Europe.   The US has risen from the ashes of the Great War relatively unscathed and, if anything, far more powerful.  In just a few months, they had learned many of the tricks and tactics it had taken the European countries years and millions of men to develop. The country had been pulled from a recession and was now boom quite nicely.  But they would most certainly see Germany for what it was, the greatest threat to America that had ever surfaced.  Not the kind of threat that Japan was (“oh dear, they might take some of our islands”) but a true existential thread.   And then there’s Japan, who also rose from the ashes of the Great War with nothing but good things to say about it.  They are isolated enough from Europe and America that I don’t expect their behavior to change drastically from our current time with the possible exception that they may grab some French and UK territories sooner.  The only way I could see Japan being a deciding factor in this future is if they ally themselves with one of the other powers.    In our timeline, the US in the 1920’s really doesn’t consider military advancement a priority.  They had just helped in ‘The War to End All Wars’ so why invest in better tank designs or more powerful aircraft engines when the ones you have work just fine in peacetime?  Well in this new timeline the US is under no illusions that there will be another war  Germany’s throwing its weight around and stomping out any resistance to their dominance of Europe and the US would be able to tell that it was only a matter of time until Germany decided Europe was big enough and wanted to hop across the pond. A fierce self-reliant militarism would crop up in the US (likely lead by Theodor Roosevelt) and rather than being isolationist it would be defencivist. It would seem likely that with the proper coxing and possible a few stolen technologies from Germany that they could reach 1941 military potential by the end of 1930.  Meanwhile, Germany would be basking in their superiority (both militarily and perceived racially) and I would expect their military and scientific industry to flounder somewhat.  It’s human nature to work more slowly when there’s less external pressure and to work at a feverish pace when your life is in the balance.   As a result I would estimate that the US and Germany would likely develop nuclear capability with a few years (1935-1939) of each other and for there to be a three-way cold war between Japan, the US, and Germany.  Japan would develop nukes later, presumably in the 1950's, after it has consolidated its hold of China, Southeast Asia and the Pacific Islands.  From there I can’t say, any number of things could happen and diplomatic standoffs between three powers are likely to be more volatile than when it’s just two.   ;
txstoploss;europe;2015-03-17 10:56:23;Wow, 25 whole years of 'independence' for Russia's thousand-year-old front doormat. The one that broke Napoleon and Hitler  no, Russia would *willingly* let that go the minute mighty NATO barks.;
JDHoare;socialism;2015-03-17 10:56:42;&gt Further, how exactly can Fascism be derived from Communism?  They're correct to the extent that fascism - and national socialism - cherrypicked from earlier radical left creeds, although not Communism specifically. Although they're more firmly rooted in the right, it's this lingering influence that acts as a flimsy screed for Fox News commentators to claim Hitler was a socialist, or Obama is a Nazi or whatever it is they're doing this week. (The truth, just in case there's any doubt is that both fascism and national socialism are right wing political ideologies with some populist left-wing elements)  Mussolini's politics, for example, developed as a member of the Italian Socialist Party (where he edited papers like The Future of the Worker and Class Struggle) and the word "fascism" comes from Fascio - a bundle or sheath - which was a name applied to literally any political grouping in early 20th Century Italy.   His personal politics were rooted in the radical left - he was a republican and referred to priests as "black germs." World War I changed all that, as it did for many leftists in mainland Europe.  &gt In addition, Nazism isn't derived from Fascism, it's a particular "brand" of fascism that developed in Germany in the 1930's  Nazism is a brand of lower-case fascism, but it's fair to say that it's - much like, say Peronism or Falangism - derived from Italian Fascism, which is an ideology in itself.;
HeimerdingerLiberal;canada;2015-03-17 10:56:43;I didn't ask what Hitler demanded from the German people in 1933. ;
imdep;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:57:31;Yes, Hitler, Stalin, Osama bin Laden... you get the picture. Unfortunately, the people who should hate themselves never will.;
DovahSpy;AskReddit;2015-03-17 10:58:15;"I was just doing my job" - Adolf Hitler;
Bil0wan;PS2Cobalt;2015-03-17 10:58:40;Reenacting Stalingrad... Red army Shitting on Germans... Getr is German... Reenacting Stalingrad is shitting on getr  Reddit shitted on getr   Reddit confirmed for red army;
OWKuusinen;europe;2015-03-17 11:00:14;&gt  You wouldn't see this in Soviet Union as you didn't have a cult of leader..  "Who was Stalin?" ;
Tehgumchum;AskReddit;2015-03-17 11:02:04;I would prefer a Lego Movie were they invade Megablocks land, they then build these giant furnaces and slowly and systematically melt all the Megablocks people, Chris Pratt could be Lego Hitler.;
spondulicker;ireland;2015-03-17 11:02:25;Well I feel thats a bit strong, Diarmuid Ferriter writes sometimes for the Irish Times, he is a reputable historian and you would accuse him of bias. I was thumbing through Coogans bibliography he has a good amount of sources. And sometimes yes historians are biased but that makes for interesting perspectives. Eric Hobsbawm is a Marxist, lifelong member of the Communist party and a bit of an apologist for Stalin (its tricky to pin him down conclusively) and he is one of the great historians of the 20th &amp  21st century. From what I remember the book seemed balanced enough..;
zxz242;DebateFascism;2015-03-17 11:04:56;&gt  But who says irrationality and violence are wrong?  Irrationality is definitely wrong. It may be the default setting for our species, but Civilisation was built on Rationalism.   It seems to make sense to prefer Rationalism, as Fascists of any kind, except perhaps Stalinists / Nazis...;
SeraphimNoted;TumblrInAction;2015-03-17 11:05:42;Okay hitler was an asshole but that seems excessive ;
Honey-Badger;TrollXChromosomes;2015-03-17 11:06:04;Not during the war though, Churchill was kicked out of office after the war and then elected a few years later. During the war Liz was a mechanic ;
ACCBDD;AskReddit;2015-03-17 11:07:00;Oh man, i've been waiting for this my entire life.  * Parks and Recreation * The entire Star Wars Series * The Truman Show * Gremlins * Game of Thrones * The Walking Dead * Star Trek (any of them) * Doctor Who * Guardians of the Galaxy * Avengers  ...yeah.;
KingLiberal;vita;2015-03-17 11:07:07;Mien?  Admit it: you're Hitler.  ;
lobstermidwife;europe;2015-03-17 11:07:31;Putin's not Hitler, stop spreading hysteria man;
OKCupid_Adventure;OkCupid;2015-03-17 11:07:47;&gt  Okay, this was kind of a jerk message, upon reflection.  It really isn't, though. If I had a time machine, one of the first things I would do is go back to teenage me, slap myself **REALLY** hard upside the fucking head, and say, "Get over yourself, dickhead! The word 'no' is ***NOT*** LETHAL!"  Then I'd go punch Hitler. That's how we know time travel is impossible. There was never a line of weirdly dressed dudes waiting to punch Hitler.;
nate800;AskReddit;2015-03-17 11:08:15;How did Hitler tie his little shoesies?  With little knotsies!;
formerly_LTRLLTRL;AskReddit;2015-03-17 11:08:31;How does Hitler tie his shoezies?  In little knotsies;
SonnyBlack90;todayilearned;2015-03-17 11:08:43;There is literally no time in history when a man with Hitler's personality and demeanor wouldn't have been extremely desirable to women. Some people just have very special skills socially and he was one of them. The opposite of us Redditors. ;
nitid_name;standupshots;2015-03-17 11:09:03;Your title text made me expect a Hitler joke.  I did nazi a homosexual pun coming.;
Rooonaldooo99;funny;2015-03-17 11:10:42;Adolf Hitler agrees;
SpongeBobMadeMeGay;worldnews;2015-03-17 11:11:43;Before the Armageddon Jesus freaks call for nuclear war, we need to take a step back and look at this situation objectively.   By even the most conservative estimates, the vast majority of Crimean people want to join Russia. Russia fucked up when they sent in way way too many troops and weapons beyond what what needed to keep the basic government running. Russia definitely fueled violent conflict and annexed a sovereign country, and for that putin deserves to pay the price. But this is no Hitler's Poland. There was a mostly legit democratic process, in the midst of a revolutionary coup, with a number of serious Russian assets at risk in the area. US would have probably acted similarly if British Columbia plunged into chaos.  **tl dr** everyone calm the fuck down before you get us all evaporated. ;
AnimusNoctis;AskReddit;2015-03-17 11:11:51;Where does Hitler keep his armies?  Poland. ;
fvcvxdxfc;justneckbeardthings;2015-03-17 11:13:00;literally hitler i would recon;
Panic_Azimuth;bestof;2015-03-17 11:14:58;In the same way that Stalin had some good ideas, too?;
Diamond_Sutra;fatlogic;2015-03-17 11:15:22;...and that woman was Reagan Hitler Einsten King Jr, and the gym immediately erupted into tearful applause. True story. Reshare!;
globalis;PropagandaPosters;2015-03-17 11:15:24;**Español:** Afiche realizado por la organización mexicana Acción Democrática Internacional, mostrando a Hitler y Tojo en una celda cuyas barras son astas de las banderas de los [países aliados de la Segunda Guerra Mundial](http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliados_de_la_Segunda_Guerra_Mundial).  **English:** Poster made by the mexican organization Acción Democrática Internacional, showing Hitler and Tojo in a cell which bars are flagpoles with the flags of the [allied countries of the World War II](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allies_of_World_War_II).;
dacookeymonsta;nottheonion;2015-03-17 11:16:12;Jeez I didn't like him as a candidate either but he's not Hitler, calm down.;
ask_me_about_my_toe;Danish;2015-03-17 11:16:24;Skal det forestille Hitler på føresædet? Jeg er ikke sikker...;
MormonMoron;latterdaysaints;2015-03-17 11:17:50;Exactly. The approach taken by Reform Mormonism is the exact opposite end of the spectrum from violent fundamentalists. The one side justifies sin because they believe it a mandate from God while the other justifies sin because they argue they get to define what is wrong.  Both extremes are damaging. Maybe I shouldn't have used violent examples (like Hitler) to make the point, because as you have correctly pointed out that most violent justifications have come from religious zealots. However, I would argue that the more insidious personally destructive sins are justified by the kind of thinking promoted by Reform Mormonism.;
joe_canadian;CanadaPolitics;2015-03-17 11:18:00;&gt But look what happens when one gets away... Canadians suddenly discover what sort of people are running the country.  Yes, because one backbencher, who's known for saying stupid things ([e.g. this Godwin's Law](http://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2012/02/10/canadian_tory_mp_larry_miller_says_liberal_longgun_registry_is_hitlerian.html)) represents another 165 people. I think that statement would make more sense if it was a plank of party policy or came down from leadership. ;
gilbes;technology;2015-03-17 11:18:20;Internet Explorer is literally Hitler.  Sincerely,  Amateur web developer who doesn’t really understand web technologies and is angry that he cannot figure out why height: 100% doesn’t do what he wants or skiddy who is regurgitating something he read on a forum. ;
tigernmas;ireland;2015-03-17 11:18:33;The difference would be Ferriter only writes sometimes for the Irish Times and the Irish Times has no close ties with any party.  Coogan on the other hand was editor for about 19 years with a paper founded by DeValera himself.  The difference with Hobsbawm would be that Hobsbawm has a doctorate in history from Cambridge whereas I can't find any information at a glance for Coogan. Hobsbawm is also known more for his history of the 19th century so his opinions on Stalin didn't really come into it.;
FIRST_DATE_ANAL;Jokes;2015-03-17 11:19:20;Why did Hitler kill himself?  ...he saw his gas bill;
PisseGuri82;MapPorn;2015-03-17 11:19:28;There are better examples, but these are the ones I could find right now, from the *Grosser Herder Atlas*, published in Bonn, 1958.  [This](https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8711/16843691401_fae444e5e7_h.jpg) political map of Europe sums up the West German view: &gt The German areas east of the Oder-Neisse are under Polish administration since 1945, southern East Prussia under Soviet administration.  The colouring leaves little doubt about how the map editor felt about that. In [this](https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8571/16224804283_66db65f776_h.jpg) political map of Germany, the West is called the *Bundesrepublik*, but the DDR is not recognised as a nation, it's still called the "Soviet occupation zone". The eastern part is labelled *Unter Polnischer Verwaltung*. (I've also seen *Zur Zeit unter Polnischer Verwaltung*, i.e. "Currently under Polish administration") Also note that even though the *bezirke* (subnational levels reorganised by DDR in 1952) are coloured, the old *länder* are more prominently named.  [This](https://farm9.staticflickr.com/8631/16844742735_07fdcd1373_h.jpg) climate map from the same atlas simply disregards the Oder-Neisse line totally, using 1937 borders.  The West German government formally accepted the post-war border in 1970. Internationally, I guess to the Allies, bound by their deals with Stalin, saw it as a a nice proxy way of getting leverage. They could say "We have to formally accept the border, but *people* don't." During the Cold War, that was a veiled threat that any 1945 deals were not set in stone.;
ProxyCare;AskReddit;2015-03-17 11:19:37;Eugenics, isn't a bad idea, and Hitler just ruined it for everyone ellse. What he was doing was racist, patriotism fueled genocide, under the false banner of eugenics. ;
Psy1;UkrainianConflict;2015-03-17 11:20:07;&gt  I really think that the Russians aren’t the ones to lecture Ukraine and Ukrainians about fascism, especially since they were the ones that signed the pact with the devil [Nazi Germany] and started World War II  The Molotov-Riptoven pact came as a reaction to the Munich agreement where the USSR was starting to worry France and Britain would sit and do nothing as Germany expanded eastward towards the USSR even if Germany expanded into the USSR.  The point of Molotov-Riptoven was to force Hitler to expand east into France so no mater what France and Britain would be forced to side against Hitler.   Stalin intended to break Molotov-Riptoven but didn't expect France to be defeated so quickly, also records showed that Britain and France had no intention of defending Poland thus the Phoney War stage of WWII were France and Britain declared on Germany but neither launched any offensive against Germany as their long standing war plans going back to the 1920's were for them to wait for Germany to invade Belgium or France and their Generals always intended to let Germany push as far east as he wished.    ;
