MashBlaster;history;2015-03-15 13:32:36;anyone who conquers anything has the right to think highly of themselves.... like, you know, because he(they) went there(anywhere) and risked his(their) lives and came out the other side. i dont discount the gallic populations suffering, but lets be honest...he is a great man, and he deserves to be remembered. without folks like Caesar, Temüjin, Alexander, Charles the Great, Hitler etc, what a weird world we would (more than likely) still live in. War progresses human civilization, admittedly at the expense of a certain populace, its just a shame we could never ask them (victims) if it was worth it....;
ManifestMagnetist;history;2015-03-15 13:51:20;War progresses human civilization......? War destroys everthing human society stands for.....you are speaking some serious newspeak, I appreciate you being humble about it though.   Ask the populaces of France or italy like Louis the 14 being beheaded by the french revolution, or Mussolini being hung by a meat hook by the Italians about what they think of great men :);
MashBlaster;history;2015-03-15 14:05:26;i only say war progresses human civ in a way that expediates the process. humans would have found each other without armies on the move, we would have traded other things along the way (not just war materials, taxes etc) and exchanged culture as well. i would argue though, that without war, we probably wouldnt have cell phones, or tvs, or radio, or modern infastructure, or modern farming techniques and logistics in governing hundreds of millions per state.  also, i dont know who considers Mussolini a great man, he was kind of weak willed IMO and couldnt even hold a stick to Hitler(not even the greatest man of his Generation[Churchill]) so i wont draw those comparisons:);
Hinmatoowyalahtqit;AskHistorians;2015-03-15 20:36:01;Have you checked out this recent, (somewhat) relevant thread?  * [Why is the Holocaust so focused on in education compared to other tragedies of the time such as the Mao Zedong era or Stalin?](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/2z04y5/why_is_the_holocaust_so_focused_on_in_education/);
nickanda;AskHistorians;2015-03-15 20:41:49;thanks! somewhat answers the question, but still looking for specific factors that have led Hitler to be remembered as well....Hitler, whilst Stalin got off so much more lightly! ;
partytemple;AskHistorians;2015-03-15 22:00:56;The U.S. cared because they had been employing the policy of "containment," the idea that global communism must be subdued. The Soviet Union, under the ideology of Stalinism, wanted a worldwide communist revolution because only then would there be a proletariat state without class struggle and maintained by class equality and socialism. This ideology conflicted with the Americans. The U.S. believed that capitalism, but not necessarily pure capitalism, was the most functional model of economics. Communism is a direct rejection of capitalism. Communists believed that in order to constructed a pure communist world, the proletariat must rise against capitalists, destroy capitalism, and develop a purely proletariat state. Ideologically, this is a threat to the U.S.. American-Soviet ambassador George Kennan warned President Truman about the Soviet's masterplan. Kennan thought the Soviet ideology was a threat to traditional American ideals and a poor representation of the Russian people's beliefs. Moreover, he believed that the Soviet government was oppressive regime with a delusional philosophy. Truman took Kennan's advise and established his "Truman Doctrine" which warned the American people about the Soviet's totalitarian ideology.  National ideology, however, was not the only reason the U.S. joined in the Vietnam War. It may be the main reason, but the U.S. also faced a lot of domestic political pressure in its decision to fight, and remain in, a war against the Vietcong. ;
bowlabrown;AskHistorians;2015-03-15 23:04:17;Thomas Mann also lost his chair for his opposition to the nazis. "Bruder Hitler" is a short piece well worth the read.;
lsop;AskHistorians;2015-03-15 23:40:48;This was one of the reasons Mussolini was so loved. A church in Canada even painted [a mural](http://www.italiancanadianww2.ca/collection/details/dicea2012_0024_0001) commemorating the event.  ;
RegnierundRilke;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 04:39:01;Just an addendum to the above recommendations - Dwyer's series in fact includes a *third* volume, covering his exile and last years, though I don't think it has been published yet.  It's tremendously difficult to recommend the 'best' biography, as Kieslowskifan says: apart from maybe Hitler, I'd go as far as to say that probably more biographies have been published on him than any other historical figure (excepting perhaps some individuals of antiquity who may have been granted cursory portraits in various Medieval and Renaissance writings, and continue to be worked on today), at least as far as I can think of. There are literally thousands and thousands of books on Napoleon, and I certainly don't claim to have read all in the slightest. Indeed, in the last few years, innumerable biographies have been published in English alone - not to mention others in French, German, etc. - to the extent that it's quite literally impossible to always keep up. But then it also depends on what *kind* of biography you're looking for: those which stress the military details, or focus on his intimate life, or with a chronological emphasis on his earlier, reigning, or later days, or even sheer polemic (those extreme contributions to the long-running heroic general/brutal expansionist debate).   Not to throw you off, of course  it simple helps to know what you'd be interested in reading, even in terms of length and detail. To begin with, perhaps refer to an overarching review of various recent biographies  e.g., Charles Esdaile's comparative assessment of five relatively fresh ones: http://www.history.ac.uk/reviews/review/1707.;
2wicky;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 07:29:02;The situation in Belgium was as with most things Belgian, quite complicated and very controversial. I'll try to give a quick summery.  When the Germans invaded, the Belgian government ordered King Leopold III to flee and go in exile with them. Leopold III however wasn't on good terms with the current government of the time. He saw such a move as cowardly and decided to stay with his troops and continue fighting agains the Germans.  When the situation of the Belgian forces became unattainable at the battle of Dunkirk, Leopold III surrendered to the Germans. He being a constitutional king, doing so without having consulted the government in exile first was scene as an act of treason. Despite being warned of the surrender in advanced, the British weren't too happy about it either as this lead to one of their flanks being exposed.  In the mean time, Leopold III was placed under house arrest in his palace in Laeken by the Nazis. He refused to cooperate with them forcing the Germans to instil a military government instead. After much insistence, Leopold III finally managed to get Hitler to meet with him. He had hoped to convince Hitler to make a statement about the future return of independents of Belgium. When Hitler refused to do so, it at least became publicly clear that the king wasn't collaborating with the Nazis. But while he was still defending his own countrymen, he made no effort to cooperate with the government in exile.   In the later stages of the war, he was deported to Germany and then to Austria. After the war, it was advised he not return to Belgium as his role during the war remained controversial. In Belgium, the south of the country saw him as a traitor, the north saw him as a hero.   A referendum was held and a slight majority voted for his return. But when he did return, riots broke out and it was clear he was no longer representing the unifying symbol of what it is to be the king of the Belgians. To prevent further unrest let alone civil war, he abdicated from the throne and his son became the new king of the Belgians.;
vonadler;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 07:53:55;http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/13th_Waffen_Mountain_Division_of_the_SS_Handschar_(1st_Croatian)#Formation.2C_training_and_mutiny  I confused the divisions - the Albanians were not part of the part of Handschar that mutined, but another part (that would later be split off to form the Skanderbeg division).  Hitler's Jihadis: Muslim Volunteers of the Waffen-SS by Jonathan Trigg.;
marshalofthemark;history;2015-03-16 09:46:15;Yep, great precedent. Nobody else took more than two terms until Roosevelt, and I believe it's now illegal.;
estherke;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 10:32:21;I wouldn't quite have put it that way myself. Views differed more according to political than to regional allegiances, it just so happened that these tended to overlap. The left-wing parties, who had a larger support base in Wallonia, were opposed to the King's return  the conservative (catholic) parties were in favour and these had more support in Flanders. Why Wallonia was and is more left-wing has many reasons that we can't go into here.   The conservative rhetoric was that the king was a tragic figure who remained loyal to his people by not leaving the country in a time of need and by doing the best he could in difficult circumstances.  The left-wing rhetoric saw the king as a crypto nazi who hobnobbed with Hitler. He was also much resented for hastily marrying his girlfriend (his first wife had died) when she turned out to be pregnant. This was felt to be a reflection of a dissipated and/or frivolous lifestyle, in essence he was living it up with loose women while the POWs languished abroad and the people suffered under the iron heel of the occupier.;
Poefi;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 12:08:52;after the lost WWI Hungary's partly isolative foreign policy was used to gain political ground and search for new allies. while quitting the League of Nations, Hungary joined the Anticomitern-Pact in february 1939, joined the Axis in november 1940, and declared war on the USSR in juni 1941. Hungary was a German ally, and was on a good way to become a German vassal, but due to its neutral foreign policy and hesitation in war participation was not considered a trustworthy ally. Germany occupied Hungary, and tried to push to the east one last time during WWII.  it was more important to Germany that Hungary ally up with them and not with one of their enemies, than Hungary's actual military contribution to the war. Hungarians were tolerated but due to their non indo-european language could not be scientically considered as aryans. what would happen to them after Hitler's final vicotry? we will never know for sure.  still, in 1935 to suck in its finno-ugric speaking allies (Finland, Estonia, Hungary), Germany changed the term "aryan" in official state documents and used "person with german or similar blood" instead.  Hitler once said "its unforgiven, that the Budapest with its Attila-breed Huns is the most beautiful city along the Danube and not one Niebelung city"  i also read somewhere, that Göring wanted to claim the hungarian throne so desperately, that he let his family-tree "magyarised" what went so succesfull, that he is still considered a 7th degree Árpád descendant. he also dated his own coronation: just after the final victory.  optionally you can read this article i found in this topic: [G. Baross - Hungary and Hitler](http://www.hungarianhistory.com/lib/baross/baross00.htm);
Hawkeye117;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 12:08:53;Sorry, the 'extremely incompetent' remark ended up being very general. But you sort of addressed it. I was referring specifically to the incompetent generals and commanders of WWI who ordered waves-upon-waves of soldiers in what were obviously suicidal attacks. Men like Hamilton, and Churchill's Dardanelles farce.   Also, I'd just like to add a few questions if I may.   &gt  Hindenburg, Mackensen, Heeringen, Kluck, Gallwitz, Hutier, Mudra, Below, were all very accomplished commanders, and NONE were high ranking aristocrats.   Being in the positions that they were in, how were they viewed by the aristocracy who served under/above/with them? Was there discrepancy between aristocratic commanders and non-aristocratic ones? And did their merit and achievement earn them a deal of respect that meant they were also seen as members of the elite?    Also, did soldiers of certain units display more of a sense of loyalty to their commanders if they were a part of the aristocracy, specifically if they were a royal of the unit's respective region?    And lastly, was the Kaiser's role in military affairs to simply be the man who signs off as the highest ranking officer and says "Yes go ahead with that offensive" etc. Or did he take an active role in the planning and carrying-out of operations? If so, was he challenged? Or did his close staff simply refrain from objecting to his plans in fear of reprisal, much like that of Hitler.;
Venmar;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 12:34:36;Nazi viewpoints varied vastly across the races of Europe. Sometimes, like Vonadler mentioned, they'd change specifically due to the actions of the residing country of the race. Nonetheless, racial views were inconsistent.  The Nazi overview of the Latins, chiefly Frenchmen, Spaniards, and Italians, varied. Since the latter two were Fascist states, Nazi view on them was obviously favorable. However, helped by typical French-German animosity and rivalry, the Nazi's saw the French probably lukewarm at best, they didn't consider the French subhuman or inferior, but hardly gave them the respect they deserved.   The Spaniards were described, by Hitler, as "the only Tough Latins", and seemed to favour them above all of the rest of the Latin races. Spanish volunteer divisions participated on the Eastern Front, primarily the *Blue Division*, where Hitler described the Spanish as almost equal to that of German divisions. Undoubtedly, Nazi view of the Spanish was favorable, both due to Hitlers seeming approval of them, and their current government being Fascist.  Can't speak much for the Italians, however I imagine that the Nazis didn't view the Italians subhumans, just incompetent due to their failure to do, well, anything really, in war on the side of the Axis.  You mentioned the Romanians as Slavs, which is incorrect, Romanians are latins just like the French, Spanish, etc. Romania had a decently large population of Gypsies, which the Nazis prosecuted and hated. Romanians in general, however, weren't directly prosecuted or hated. Nonetheless, Nazi regard for the Romanians was low as the war went on, and continually stripped weapons, tanks, and supplies from Romanian units to arm German divisions, then got mad when the Romanians performed poorly. This was a pattern repeated with other Axis allies too.  The occupied people of the Lowland countries, the Dutch and the Belgians, were viewed fairly well. They weren't considered subhuman, and considered to be somewhat Aryan, especially the Dutch, whose language was similar to German and their traits similar as well. The Dutch were, and are, a tall people (an important aspect of Aryan attributes) with a distinctively Germanic language and culture, and were therefore looked at fairly. Both were considered viable candidates to be Aryans. The Netherlands was however deeply affected by the latter stages of the war, as the Germans continually took supplies and food from the country to feed their own people and troops, and the hunting of Jews was very extensive in both Belgium and the Netherlands.  The Scandinavians, Swedes and Norwegians, were seen as the ideal Aryans, and were therefore regarded very highly. Political situations, however, such as the uncertain response of Sweden to Operation Barbarossa, hurt their reputation, as none of the Scandinavian races were really fond of the Nazi's. The Danes were among the same level as these.  Now, the Slavic races had it much harder. Poles, Czechs, and Slovaks are all Slavic, and the Germans were very harsh with their treatment of them. In the occupied Czech Republic, the Germans planned to eventually either remove the Czechs and replace them with Germans, or ruthlessly Germanize them. In Poland, Poles were murdered and killed alongside their Jewish brethren just for being Slavic. The Germans also planned to do the same in Poland as in the Czech Republic, and replace much of Poland with Germans, especially lands previously held by Prussia or the German Empire. (In fact, in general, the Nazis wanted to deport most, or at least as many as possible, Slavic peoples to Siberia, as the Germans believed they'd win over the USSR. The plan was to ruthlessly Germanize what Slavs could be "saved", and deport the rest to Siberia, and replace them with Germans. This was the driving factor behind the German prosecution and attack on the Slavic people, as the Germans needed to displace them due to their position in the East, which the Nazi's considered to be the "living space" of the German people.) The Slovaks, the only of the three that theoretically fought alongside the Germans, were viewed a bit better, but were nonetheless battered by Nazi opinion. Since the Poles, Czechs, and Slovaks made up a fair portion of the Eastern European population, German oppression of all three was significant. However, this didn't stop the Germans from eventually recruiting Czechs, Slovaks, and even Poles, into their Army, and even the Waffen SS. The most successful Panzer ace in the war, [Kurt Knispel](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kurt_Knispel), who scored at least 168 confirmed tank kills with potentially as many as 195, was a Sudeten German from the Czech Republic. Yet, since he was from the Czech Republic (and due to his laid back personality and longer har), he was never promoted beyond NCO status. The Russians had it the hardest, since they were both communist and slavic, which made German persecution of them extremelly violent. Much of the death toll for the Holocaust can be attributed to the killing of Russians on the Eastern Front.  I can't speak much for any of the other races. Nazi opinion realy did depend on the position that the country of the race held. While Bulgarians were Slavic, with direct/indirect roots to the Russians, the Nazi's didn't directly prosecute or attack them because they didn't want to war with Bulgaria, one of their few Allies. While the Balkan races were mostly Slavic, Nazi persecution of them was not as severe as that of the Poles and Russians because they partly fell under Italian influence, and because they weren't directly in the way or of high importance, the Germans wanted to settle lands farther North-West from the Balkans. I have no idea what the Nazi's thought of the Hungarians, Portugeese, or Swiss. ;
jschooltiger;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 14:29:41;&gt  I was referring specifically to the incompetent generals and commanders of WWI who ordered waves-upon-waves of soldiers in what were obviously suicidal attacks. Men like Hamilton, and Churchill's Dardanelles farce.  I"m not really going to address the misapprehension that attacks during World War I were "obviously suicidal " I will leave that to posters such as /u/nmw and /u/elos_ in threads such as these:  http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/t77wz/we_have_all_heard_of_the_mass_infantary_charges/c4k7e10  http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/16obi4/in_world_war_i_why_would_a_general_ever_order_his/c7xttjg/  http://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/2vgopo/why_did_trench_warfare_stop_after_ww1/  But, speaking specifically to the Dardanelles, the lesson of that campaign is less that Churchill was an incompetent as it is a cautionary tale about mission creep. The goal of the initial Dardanelles expedition was to use British naval power -- specifically, older battleships that could not stand in the line of battle -- to blast a way through the Straits and bring their guns to bear on Constantinople, hopefully toppling the Ottoman regime, or at least forcing them to terms. (This is not as farfetched as it sounds, because one ship, *SMS Goeben,* had essentially tipped the country into the war.)   The Straits were known to be mined, and also to be defended by heavy guns. In the brutal logic of the war, Churchill figured that even losing several older battleships, with their crews, was less bloody in the long term than infantry attacks on the Western front.   The problem with the naval expedition was that the Ottomans had a surprisingly stout interlocking defense, both of lines of mines and also of large guns. There's also a pretty significant current in the Strait. So an initial effort by battleships to force their way through was marked by an early defeat (and a bit of timidity on the British part when they discovered the mines). The minesweepers (converted fishing trawlers) the British then bought to the Straits were deeper in draft than the anchored mines, which tended to depress morale among the crews of the sweepers. Nevertheless, they successfully swept at least two of the lines of mines before fire from shore batteries knocked out several of the minesweepers. At that point, they rethought their approach and brought in the *HMS Queen Elizabeth* to try to knock out the shore batteries by firing over the peninsula (from the Aegean side). This was actually fairly successful, and the Turkish batteries were running low on shot and becoming desperate before the battle of March 18, in which an undetected minefield sank three of the Franco-British battleships and forced a withdrawal. (It's arguable that had the fleets pressed on, the Ottomans might have withdrawn from the peninsula  we will never know. Ottoman morale was wavering and the batteries were nearly silenced  the fleet's withdrawal allowed them to restock and replenish.)    In any case, the failure of the ships themselves to be able to knock out the guns led to a call for a landing at the Dardanelles, using troops to secure the batteries. At that point the Strait could be swept of mines at the fleet's leisure. Unfortunately, that led to Anzac Cove and the bloody fight to follow, where far more lives were lost than those on three obsolete battleships.    **tl dr:** The Dardanelles campaign was poorly planned and insufficiently supported, but it was not in its conception or aims necessarily wrongheaded. It was like many aspects of WWI, in that the technology and tactics of the time had simply fallen behind defensive technology, and in which a great loss of life would have to be accepted for even the most basic of gains. ;
VoightKampffTest;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 14:48:46;Perhaps the alleged "Business Plot." Retired Marine Major General  and two time Medal of Honor recipient Smedley Butler (author of [War is a Racket!](http://www.ratical.org/ratville/CAH/warisaracket.html)) and journalist Paul French testified at the House Special Committee on Un-American Activities that a group of powerful businessmen and industrialists had contacted them about a plan to launch a coup against President Franklin Roosevelt.   Butler was a widely admired war hero, and they thought he was the man they needed to rally and organize veterans into a movement akin to the Weimar-era Germany Freikorps. Once they had the muscle the plan was to either depose Roosevelt or turn him into their puppet, enacting fascistic reforms modeled after those of Mussolini's Italy.   &gt French testified that MacGuire stated, **“We need a fascist government in this country to save the Nation from the Communists who want to tear it down and wreck all that we have built in America. The only men who have patriotism to do it are the soldiers and Smedley Butler is the ideal leader. He could organize one million men over night."**  &gt Continuing, French stated that during the conversation MacGuire told him about his trip to Europe and of the studies that he had made of the Fascist, Nazi, and French movements and the parts that the veterans had played in them. &gt ... &gt French further testified that MacGuire considered the movement entirely and tremendously patriotic and that any number of people with big names would be willing to help finance it. French stated that during the course of the conversation, MacGuire continually discussed "the need of a man on a white horse" and quoted MacGuire as having said "**We might go along with Roosevelt and then do with him "what Mussolini did with the King of Italy."**  &gt MacGuire, according to French, expressed the belief that half of the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars would follow General Butler if he would announce the plan that MacGuire had in mind.  *Testimony of Paul Comly French - Page 21.*  &gt I said, "The idea of this great group of soldiers, then, is to sort of frighten him, is it?"  &gt "No, no, no  not to frighten him. This is to sustain him when others assault him."  &gt He said,**"You know, the President is weak. He will come right along with us.** He was born in this class. He was raised in this class, and he will come back. He will run true to form. In the end he will come around. But we have got to be prepared to sustain him when he does."  *Testimony of Maj. Gen. S. D. Butler (Retired) - Page 4*  Again, we have very few sources on the existence of the alleged plot beyond the HUAC hearings, let alone how far along the conspirators were in serious preparations, but if Butler &amp  French's testimony was truthful the Business Plot would doubtless be one of the top candidates.   **Sources**  Investigation of Nazi Propaganda Activities and Investigation of Other Certain Propaganda Activites (PDF Warning)  * [Part 1](http://www.flagrancy.net/salvage/HUAC1.pdf) * [Part 2](http://www.flagrancy.net/salvage/HUAC2.pdf) * [Part 3](http://www.flagrancy.net/salvage/HUAC3.pdf)  [Transcript of the above documents](http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/McCormack%E2%80%93Dickstein_Committee#Public_Statement_on_Preliminary_findings_of_HUAC.2C_November_24.2C_1934) ;
bemonk;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 16:12:03;Hitler didn't have to. They basically encouraged themselves.  But your question is oversimplifying. It wasn't just Hitler Youth vs. "Scouts"  I'm going to get some details wrong, but here's how society was split up.  If you were a kid in school, and your father was a communist, you: Were "Red" played on the Communist soccer team, were a "Pioneer" and your dad was in the KPD (communist party)  If your father was in the SPD (social democrats) you: Were "Light Red" (Rose red, or "pink" derogatorily), played on the Soc-Dem soccer team, were a "Pfadfinder" and your dad was in the SPD.  If your dad was a nazi, you were: "Brown" or "brown shirt" played on the nazi soccer team, were with the  "Hitlerjugend" (Hitler Youth) and your dad was in the NSDAP.  Everyone was brutal to everyone else. The kids did not mix. Not even KDP and SPD, unless playing soccer.  The political divides went from the parents to the children, to the schools, to every corner of society. "Pfadfinder" and "Pioneer" envied the "Hitlerjugend" because he got a kick-ass dagger and a snazzier uniform... in the 30's there just ended up being less "Pfadfinder" and "Pioneer" scouts and more hitler youth scouts.  ...again, forgive me on the details. The point is it wasn't just scouts. And yes, that totally happened. Hitleryouth's big tactic was being a hard bully.;
ErwinRommel_1891;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 17:44:58;The Battle of Stalingrad ended poorly for many reasons, despite such a strong beginning for the Wehrmacht. Some of these are mistakes made by the commanders of the primary German formation, the 6th Army, and others are due to the Soviet Union’s 62nd Army, and its positive strengths, as well as those of its leader, General Zhukov.  One of these reasons was the string of bad choices made by the German High Command over the year-long siege. First, and possibly most importantly as a basis, there was a crucial mistake the Germans made on the first day of the battle. The bombing of the city, which required that vast quantities of Wehrmacht bombers and Stukas be drawn from all areas of the front, seemed a good idea initially: bomb out the civilians and possible partisans, and any garrison soldiers. However, this would later become one of the main reasons the city could be held by the Red Army. The completely destroyed ruins meant some areas were near impassable even by foot, created conditions where long range fighting was difficult and battles often became close range and even hand to hand, and any armoured fighting was instantly pitched in favour of the infantry, should they possess anti-armour weapons and equipment (the anti-tank rifle, which looked much like a large sniper, was used to great effect in these conditions). Another mistake then, which ties into this point, is that the commanders of 6th Army kept their panzers fighting in the city, which was not only wasteful, but can be said to be one of the contributing factors to the eventual encirclement of the 6th Army, as they were unavailable for recall, counteroffensive, or repositioning to break out of the trap engaged on 19th November 1942.  The 6th Army was also stretched precariously along the Don River. The single army held the entire stretch of river for over 150 miles, and had only a handful of divisions in reserve. Whilst this is alone a problem, the main issue is that the flanks of the 6th were protected by two Romanian armies in the north and south, as well as an Italian in the north. When the time for the Red Army’s offensive came, her attacking armies, in which the 62nd was not included, (1st Guards Army, 5th Tank Army, 21st Army, 65th Army, 24th Army, 66th Army, 64th Army, 57th Army, 51st Army) hit hard around the flanks, where the Romanian troops had not the proper equipment, nor full-strength division, not the morale  and then there were the Italians, who were Italian in all military sense, and thus had little equipment or morale. In both allied armies, the fighting men were also looked upon with disdain from their commanding officers, which Erwin Rommel also witnessed in Africa, stating that “it is as though they are two different species” (paraphrasing) – this did not encourage their soldiers to fight well. The Red Army armoured formations smashed through these Axis-allied armies with little issue (though being early-war Red Army they were still inexperienced forces and suffered surprising casualties, considering the calibre of the 6th Army’s flanks). The fact that, as earlier stated, there were no German response armoured divisions, and few reinforcing German formations, plus a hesitance to act on behalf of the German command, all meant that there was a quick, if costly, assault and encirclement carried out by a large Russian force on an overextended Axis formation, which, in the end, could simply not break out effectively (other reasons out with the boundaries of the question exist as to why the formation capitulated and was completely destroyed in the end).   The shear tenacity and sometimes brilliance of Red Army soldiers cannot be overlooked though. The resolve of their men was impeccable for much of the battle, though many still did dessert under incredibly stressful conditions, and many were executed for this. Red Army tactics also evolved to fight in a war which mirrored WW1 in brutality but was almost purely urban – hand to hand combat  eight-man fireteams armed with knives, SMGs, and snipers  the use of bombed out buildings as key fortresses and choke points  traversing sewers  hugging the enemy lines (the front line was never more than 100 yards from the Germans’, so that the German artillery had to be very particular and careful in danger of friendly fire)  jury-rigged weapons and equipment  traps and contraptions MacGuyver would be proud of (AA-guns made of wood and stolen German MGs, which were adept at taking down and scaring off Stukas)  and of course, pure resolve. The battles were so intense that they were known as Rattenkrieg (rat war) to the Wehrmacht soldiers. The tenacity of the defending 62nd Army at Stalingrad, and their ability to hold onto the west bank of the Volga river (by the skin of their teeth for the most part) as well as simply having the bodies to throw at the problem ensured that the Red Army continued to hold onto the key city until the two Red Army operations, Little Saturn (cancelled in favour of operation Uranus) and Uranus, could be enacted to relieve and recapture the city proper.  Finally, the aid of the Allies, whilst not often acknowledged, gave the Red Army the aid it needed. Actual fighting equipment give through the lend lease was considered inferior and ineffective by the Red Army, the most famous being that they thought the M4 Sherman was utter tripe, but Allied grain, meat, and Studebaker, Ford, Willys, et cetera, trucks and jeeps made all the difference in the capability to fight longer and achieve greater strategic reach. The trucks especially were useful, and over 600,000 were delivered over the course of the war. They were used to carry artillery pieces across the field quickly, and proved invaluable in the offensive at Stalingrad, as they did in so many battles.  Sources:  Anthony Beevor’s ‘Stalingrad’.  Alan Clark’s ‘Barbarossa’.  BBC’s ‘The World At War 1973, Episode 09 – Stalingrad’. ;
AusHaching;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 18:26:56;It should be added that after 1933, all rival youth organisations were gradually abolished in favor of the HJ and the BDM (Bund Deutscher Mädel, the version for girls). This happened first to the left-leaning organisations, then to the politically neutral ones and at last to the christian organisations.  24 members of the HJ died before 1933 in politically inspired violence. How many people died on the other side I don't know. The movie "Hitlerjunge Quex" portrays the death of one Hitlerjunge as a heroic sacrifice.  One thing that should be mentioned is that the HJ and the BDM was one of the more popular organisations in Nazi Germany. It did offer children of all social backgrounds the opportunity for sports, hiking and advancement, like commanding the local group. That this was done with the goal of indoctrination and to prepare the next generation for war is the mirror image.;
AusHaching;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 18:44:51;Hitler certainly had an effect on the type of art that was popular during his reign. The most striking example is the exhibition on "Entartete Kunst", which took place in Munich in 1937, and the exhibition on "german art", which took place at the same time. The opening speech sums up his idea of art pretty well. The influence also extended to music (with Wagner and Operetten being most popular), architecture (Speer and "Germania") and sculpting (Arno Breker).  Having said that, I am not aware of Hitler using his personal art for propaganda purposes. However, I did find a mention that Hitler made a draft for a swastika flag in 1920 (http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/d-46408313.html). This seems to be an exception, however.  As he became more famous after the first World War, Hitler tried to suppress sources on his life before the war. In 1938, he tried to rebuy all paintings done by him. The existence as a poor and not very talented or famous painter did not fit with his status as dictator anymore.;
DiddyDom007;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 19:23:19;It may well have made it worse, but to my knowledge anti-Semitism is an ancient prejudice. Jews have been persecuted for millennia- the Romans, the Crusades, the Nazis, just to name the most famous.  Without going into too much detail, the Arab-Jewish conflict is one which runs deep in the veins of history, and Hitler in the Middle East was probably only a very small fragment of the anti-Semitism there.  Hope this helps.;
teddybear202;AskHistorians;2015-03-16 20:02:40;In 'Bloodlands' Snyder writes that in one particularly bad German POW camp there were more Soviet deaths in a day than all the Western Allies suffered throughout the war in camps. As far as the reason, in Mein Kampf Hitler said he estimated 45 million Slavs would have to be 'eliminated' and the rest enslaved. Red Army troops were made aware of this through propaganda and knew the war was absolutely to the death, no POWs could expect to be treated according to the Geneva Convention. ;
ldwr011;history;2015-03-16 21:53:41;So basically, a little after Germany broke their non-aggression pact against the USSR, Germany backed the USSR all the way up to the city of Stalingrad. This city was important to the soviets as it was named after their leader, and to give it up would be an embarrassment. So the soviets put out their all and utmost power into protecting Stalingrad. When the Germans fought for Stalingrad, they lost to the soviets. This was known as the turning point in the war. This is because from then on the USSR and the other allied forces pushed the Germans to the point of Hitler shooting himself and the war in Europe was done. This was also known as V-E Day. (Victory in Europe Day) ;
hatheaded;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 02:15:10;The Nazi's came to power during a very interesting and dynamic time in the modern art movement. Western art, in particular painting, had become less representational and more abstract. Hitler, who considered himself an artist, was a fierce opponent of this type of art, and it was suppressed to varying degrees during the Nazi regime. The Nazi regime termed this as "degenerate art". Ironically, much of the art was confiscated, but not actually destroyed - it could be profitably auctioned.  It is also well known that when the Nazis would invade and occupy other nations, they would often loot the museums of valuable art, much of which made it into the personal vaults of high ranking Nazi leaders. Hermann Goering was particularly notorious in this regard. That may not be relevant for your essay, but it does shed considerable background on the venality and greed of some of the Nazi leaders.  The Nazi regime viewed the arts as a propaganda tool, and suppressed art that did not directly agree with and support their ideology. They tended to prohibit and suppress modern art, not classical works, and they did so for political and aesthetic purposes. Obviously, works by Jewish artists were particularly suppressed.  ISIS have destroyed works of ancient art on religious grounds, and perhaps also as a form of publicity seeking, knowing there would be a strong reaction and media coverage of their deeds. They interpret Islam as forbidding any work that represents a living thing as idolatry. Please note this is not a mainstream view of most Islamic thought, it is an extreme and very minority view.  Here are some sources on the Nazi policies for "degenerate art":   * http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?ModuleId=10007519   * https://www.moma.org/collection/details.php?theme_id=10077   * http://www.vam.ac.uk/content/articles/e/entartete-kunst/    Here are some sources on the theological ideas behind ISIS's destruction of "idolatry":   * http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21645749-jihadists-are-attacking-more-regions-people-destroying-historys   * http://www.law.utah.edu/destroying-the-past-isis-and-our-heritage/ * http://news.yale.edu/2015/03/16/isis-destruction-cultural-antiquities-qa-eckart-frahm  Contrasting historical Christian iconoclasms with modern Islamic fundamentalism:   * http://sites.utexas.edu/culturescontexts/tag/idolatry/ ;
International_KB;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 05:52:53;It was essentially a compromise. When the UN Charter was first being drawn up the Soviets had argued for a limited membership, one restricted to the 1942 signatories of the UN Declaration. A broader membership, which the US was pushing for, would potentially see the Soviet Union permanently outvoted by the Western client states and colonial dominions. As the negotiations dragged on, one of the Soviet demands became the admission of *all sixteen* constituent Soviet Republics to the General Assembly.  The eventual compromise saw broad membership be adopted but also strengthened the Security Council and permanent members’ veto. This gave Stalin some assurance that the new body wouldn't become an anti-Soviet vehicle in any meaningful sense. As part of the deal the Soviets also got two of their republics (in addition to the USSR proper) admitted to the General Assembly, thus strengthening their bloc in that chamber.  Source: Mark Mazower, *Governing the World*;
International_KB;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 08:06:10;Post-Stalin is not my area of expertise but in terms of living standards, once past the harsh Stalin years the Soviet Union followed a similar upwards curve in living standards as Western Europe. Life did indeed get cheerier from the 1950s onwards – mortality rates fell, nutrition improved, housing stock was renewed and increased mechanisation eased the peasant’s workload. This was part of the Khrushchev drive to improve living standards. So in absolute terms a late Soviet peasant enjoyed significantly better living standards than his late Tsarist counterpart. Which is as to be expected from an industrialised nation.  (This progress had faltered by the late 1980s when mortality rates began to creep upwards again and living standards stagnated. But that’s outside my comfort zone. Moreover, even stagnation would not have devolved )  The question gets a bit more interesting when you look at the *relative* comforts of the Soviet peasantry. After all, for all the material progress of the peasantry post-1960, they still lived on collective farms and worked to the state’s tempo. If we take this into account, ie consider the peasant’s ‘independence’, then the mid-1920s are worth examining. This was the height of the NEP and probably the high-point of the Russian peasantry: farming their own plots (on commune land), free of noble interference and with little incentive to sell (rather than consume) their produce, they would have enjoyed a relatively prosperous life. When compared to the cramped cities at least. The sophisticated (for the time) Soviet nutritional surveys of the period show that during the peak NEP (say, 1925-28) the peasants were eating better than they had been in 1913 or 1953.  So it depends on how you cut the question. In terms of material progress (diet, life expectancy, manufactured goods, etc) for an individual peasant then things got progressively better from the late 1950s onwards (to the late 1970s at least). In terms of their position and living standards relative to the urban world then the mid-1920s are where you want to look. What is absolutely clear is that the 1930s are the period in which the peasantry had the worst of both worlds: severely lacking for material comforts (eg food) and suffering intense state repression.  Sources: Stephen Wheatcroft’s done a fair amount of work on the early decades of Soviet rule. See particularly his *First 35 Years of Soviet Living Standards (2009)* and *The Great Leap Upwards (1999)*. Robert Allen (*Farm to Factory*) would disagree with my assessment of the 1930s somewhat. I’ve taken the vaguer post-Stalin picture from a few general works.;
cub1986;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 11:52:17;The German historian Eberhard Jäckel wrote an excellent book on Hitler's plans called *Hitler's World View: A Blueprint for Power*. He explained why Hitler felt it necessary to extinguish the Jews. Whereas Marx viewed history as class struggle, Hitler instead viewed history as racial struggle. Jäckel elaborates:  &gt It is on this basis that the programmatic thinker Hitler confirms and defines for the political Hitler the dual, yet also unified, task of his life. He had to annihilate the Jews, thus restoring the meaning of history, and within the thus restored, nature-intended struggle for existence, he at the same time had to conquer new living space for the German people. Each of these tasks was inextricably linked to the other  indeed, they were the mutually necessary preconditions for each other. Unless the Jews were annihilated there would very soon no longer be any struggle for living space, nor therefore any culture, and consequently nations would die out  not just the German nation, but ultimately all nations. But if, on the other hand, the German people failed to conquer new living space, it would die out because of that and the Jews would triumph.;
readher;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 12:04:06;I can tell you about the situation with Poland, although I belive some of the points will apply to the other countries aswell.  After 1795 and the third partition of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth a large part of the former union was a part of Russian Empire. The level of authonomy changed throughout later periods (for example Congress Poland was created after Congress of Vienna giving a bit more freedom and autonomy) but it never satisfied Polish community which had a long history of their country and consisted of many patriots. Numerous uprisings occured and although most of them were unsuccessful, they still meant a lot of effort had to be put to maintain order in that part of the Empire.  Unlike germanisation, the russification process was never really successful and most of the polish community resisted any attempts to destroy their national pride.  After World War I when Poland gained independence and the Second Polish Republic was formed, they faced a great loss during the Poland-Bolshevik war where a newly formed nation with a lot of problems managed to defeat a mighty russian army.  Another show of polish will to fight any aggressor was the Warsaw Uprising during the World War II. Despite proving unsuccessful (due to the fact that the soviet army did not intervene as the polish resistance members assumed) , it streghten the thought that it would cost too much to maintain order should Poland be annexed by the USSR. It was much easier to create a pupped state with a bit of autonomy.  The USSR still had Poland in pretty much absolute control without all the problems that would be present had it been annexed. We also have to remember that there was a polish government on the exile in the Great Britain and during early meetings during WW2 Poland was to be part of the western bloc. That was changed later when Churchill and Roosevelt betrayed us (once again) and gave the case of Poland into Stalin's hands.  He knew that creation of puppet state would solve the problem of the government on the exile and all previous problems I've stated aswell.  It's my first post in this subreddit. English isn't my first language but I tried my best to make as low amount of errors as possible. I've read the subreddit rules and it stated that every answer should provide sources. I don't think it would make much sense in this case though as I know most of this from polish books that I'm almost 100% positive have no translations. If you ever want to ask something about Poland in any of the periods feel free to PM me. I'll be happy to tell you more.;
readher;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 12:26:56;The parts of Germany gave to Poland was compensation demanded by the Western Allies for taking easter territories of Poland. Today's Kaliningrad Oblast' was to be part of Poland aswell (with the city of Kaliningrad bearing name Królewiec) although Stalin changed his mind in the last moment and decided to add this territory to the RSFSR. Lwów which is considered to be the one of the two main (along with Kraków) cities where the Polish elite was being raised has been given to the Ukrainian SSR as it had claim on it and meant that one of the very important places where the polish patriotism could be continiued ceased to exist.  The case of Baltics while might seem complicated was pretty simple. The countries had fairy low population and even though each of them had very different culture with and unlike Ukraine/Belarus had nothing in common with Russia, they couldn't pose any real threat. The USSR also played the "better safe than sorry card" and made the Baltic States a place where Soviet Army officers were sent for retirement. This resulted in fairly large russian minority being still present in these countries today. Stalin did almost the same thing with Crimea, although he took a step further there and instead of only moving russian citizens there, he expelled most of the Tatar people from there to Siberia in fear of organized resistance (as the Tatar community, much like the Poles are known for their ferocity in fights against opressors).  As for the Chechens i fear that although I know a bit of their cause, my knowledge is not sufficent to provide you a quality answer. I can only guess that they underestimated them and it serves them right to this day since they have constant insurgency in that area.;
Theoroshia;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 13:20:06;"changed later when Churchill and Roosevelt betrayed us" - are you sure you're being non-biased?;
readher;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 13:34:09;I guess you could say that but I belive that was the case. France and Great Britain were to attack Germany right away should they invade Poland. Before the attack took place Marshall Piłsudski insisted that Poland and France should make preventive invasion of Germany due to them ignoring Treaty of Versailles conditions which were dismissed by France. After Germany invaded Poland all that Western Allies did was declare war and take no military action. Everyone in Poland was sure that they only need to hold the invasion for a short time to stall German offensive allowing France and Britain to take necessary action. After Poland was defeated the government on the exile created Polish forces which fought extraordinary in various battles during the war. Battle of Britain was won thanks to Polish and Czechoslovakian pilots ("Never, in the field of human conflict, was so much owed by so many to so few." was the words Churchill said after victory). They also fought in Arnhem (6. SBS led by General Sosabowski), in Narvik (1. Polish Independent Highland Brigade), Tobruk (3. Polish Carpathian Infantry Division) and Falaise (1. Armoured Division led by General Maczek). The fought alongside the very people who betrayed their beloved country because they belived that they won't betray them again. They fought to the very end without knowing that the decision to hand Poland to the eastern bloc under russian rule was already made during Yalta Conference. After this all, don't you think that betrayal is the correct used word here?;
Esco91;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 13:35:24;I hope [this](http://www.britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk/search/results/1944-06-01/1948-06-01?basicsearch=%2bstauffenberg&amp freesearch=stauffenberg&amp sortorder=score&amp contenttype=article%2cillustrated%2cmiscellaneous) links correctly.  It's a link to the British Newspaper archive for mentions of Stauffenberg by name between 1/10/44 and 1/10/45, doesn't show the national press but one of the papers (Yorkshire Post) was as good as in those days, indeed hey broke the abdication affair scandal in the 30s. Theres over 50 different stories on the topic on there and this is from before the days of newspaper syndication in the UK, so they will all be different.  Unfortunately I'm too poor to pay the annual 80 Euro or monthly 10 Euro subscription fee, but If you are so inclined and able to do so yourself, please do let me know more about the one titled 'Hitler Lost His Pants'.....;
Esco91;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 13:57:12;Well I've been doing a bit of digging among the stuff that is free on the site and found the [Dundee Courier](http://blog.britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk/2013/08/07/plot-assassinate-hitler/) one.;
Arebos;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 17:14:49;One of the main reasons I can think of would be his relief of General Douglas MacArthur.  MacArthur was a very popular general and national hero during WWII who helped turn the battle in the pacific around after being pushed out of the Philippians.  He was also a distinguished soldier and leader during WWI.  He was even considered a political candidate during the 1940's elections.    However, during the push back against the North Korean invasion, MacArthur went against express orders in several respects and invaded the North, thus instigating Chinese involvement.   Truman removed MacArthur from command in Korea thus receiving a huge political backlash of public support for the decision. He decided not to even run for reelection.   Casey, Steven (2008). Selling the Korean War: Propaganda, Politics and Public Opinion. Oxford: Oxford University Press.;
stanthemanfan;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 17:21:31;I'm no great historian but during the Yalta Conference the other 2 conferences consisting of the US and British and Russian leaders (Churchill, Roosevelt, Stalin and Truman and Clement Attlee during Potsdam) that promised Poland's independence along the [curzon line] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curzon_Line) and free elections were promised to the eastern nations [(though once the USSR realized they weren't going to win elections they stopped giving them)] (http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/10/how-communism-took-over-eastern-europe-after-world-war-ii/263938/). So they were just 'following' the promises of the multitude of conferences between the Big 3;
aleksey2;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 17:22:06;To clarify, Ukraine and Belarus didn't get annexed after WW2, but were enlarged in size by seizing land from "liberated" countries (in quotes, cause while they did get liberated from the Nazis, it was held against them as though they had a bill to pay to the USSR for the aforementioned liberation). If I understand correctly, you're asking why the USSR didn't annex Poland, Romania, and Bulgaria and instead allowed them to remain independent states on paper. All the while, in practice, actually fully controlling what those countries got to do via their respective Socialist governments, who were puppets of the Kremlin? If that *is* your question, then there could be many explanations as to why, none of which are good enough to explain everything on their own. Having said that, I think two really good reasons as to why are 1) deniability and 2) creating a buffer zone.  **Deniability** - the best of both worlds, if your worlds consist solely of 'wanting to exert control' and 'not wanting to pay anything for it'. USSR was all like, "Who me? Naah, bruh, I don't control those countries. They are *totally* independent, have their own *elected* governments and do as they please".   When you annex a territory, you gotta deliver a benefit for the people you're annexing. Romans solved it by giving the conquered Roman citizenship and creating some peace and prosperity (albeit that changed depending on the era of Roman Republic/Empire). In return Romans got to extract/take what they wanted and needed from the new province. It hasn't really changed much - you gotta give the people you're conquering something in return for their freedom. And that's a costly endeavour  something that a war-torn country might not be willing to consider. Instead, if what you really want is to control the population AND you can get that control by getting the governments of those countries to do your bidding for you (and to coöperate fully with your requests), then you've just achieved control without exerting any serious costs. Now you get what you want and you have to provide **none** of the services and benefits you would have had to if you annexed that same territory.  Btw, this all assumes that the territory in question isn't full of oil or any other natural resources. Cause in those cases, "empires" will still want to annex it any *any* cost.   **Buffer zone.** It wasn't exactly clear that a new conflict wasn't going to start after Berlin fell. The West never truly trusted the USSR and vice versa even while they shared the common enemy. With the new enemy soon-to-be gone (or now gone, if we're talking about post-may-1945), it wasn't assumed that peace will reign in. The USSR was prepared for a new conflict, if it would arise, and the bigger the buffer zone between the West and Moscow, the better. Now, if you can control and coordinate with Polish/Romanian/Bulgarian governments and military without having to spend any money on their citizens, then you've achieve your objective. Now you can have a new war and hope that it stays contained within the countries on the periphery of USSR. You get two outcomes from this. Either USSR wins or it loses. In both cases you, the USSR, hope that the conflict takes place and *stays* in those countries. That way if you have to surrender and pull out, you haven't actually lost any territory that's your own. If it's a costly stalemate or if you win by way of 'scorched earth/leave no building standing' tactic of military attack, then you just make Poland/Romania/Bulgaria weaker in the process. Now whether you win or lose, they will be too poor and bombed out to either be a threat or to stand on their own. If they stay allied to Moscow, they'll be even weaker to resists Kremlin's influence. If they flip sides and join the West, then the logic is that it would be so costly to rebuild them and that the West would never want to spend the money to do so.  Fundamentally, the decisions of WW2 USSR and post-WW2 USSR were made by Stalin, a certified lunatic and a deranged psychopath who viewed the world as a constant "us vs. them" struggle and regarded all human lives with outmost of disregards (obligatory link to what happened to Stalin's own [son](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakov_Dzhugashvili#Second_World_War)).;
JFVarlet;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 18:35:45;Well, it did very much come out of the military as opposed to an electoral political movement or paramilitary groups, as was the case in Europe. Though it wasn't really the high military ranks, more the lower-middle officers, especially the younger ones. Those at the top utilised the fascist junior officers to push their own interests, but they weren't usually ideological fascists themselves.  I'd argue that a crucial difference (though not the only one) between Japanese and European fascism is the role of the supreme leader. In Nazism, Hitler obviously completely monopolises this  in Italy, even though there's a King, Mussolini is able to become the supreme leading figure. In Japan, on the other hand, there's no real prospect of having a supreme leader other than the Emperor, so Japanese fascist movements never feel the need for a charismatic leader figure of their own.  There's also the different geopolitical situations, which depending on how you look at it is down to either racism or NIMBY from Europe  Japan can get away with a lot more simply because the European powers don't care as much about China or Korea as they do about Poland or Austria. So conservatives in Japan can have a policy of *some* territorial conquest to appease the fascists in a way that conservatives in Germany could never have feasibly pulled off.;
beatles-in-space;AskHistorians;2015-03-17 19:00:42;President Truman had an ambitious domestic agenda, which he called the "Fair Deal", which stalled in front of a Republican-controlled Congress. In the 1948 campaign, he ran against the "do-nothing Congress", which turned out to be a successful political strategy, although it didn't improve his legislative prospects. An image of ineffectual leadership is never good.  He also had an ambitious foreign policy agenda which was much more successful. This included the UN Charter, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Berlin Airlift, Truman Doctrine, Marshall Plan, North Atlantic Treaty, and the Korean War. You have to remember that isolationist sentiment was still very strong in the United States. Truman's presidency was crucial because he kept the United States intimately involved in international relations in the post-World War II period. But a substantial faction of Republicans was opposed to some or all of these policies. In particular, the Korean War was carried out without a declaration of war and under the auspices of enforcing the UN Charter, under UN auspices and with the authority of a UN Security Council resolution. Imagine what that must have meant to a country which 30 years earlier had rejected the Versailles Treaty and the League of Nations! And furthermore, the war turned into a stalemate, in which tens of thousands of American troops were killed. Dwight Eisenhower came into office largely on the back of this issue, and the idea that Truman was overextending the country. His corrective was to reign in the Korean War-era defense budget and put much more emphasis on nuclear deterrence, creating the Cold War as we know it. It was a sort of "return to normalcy" (to quote Warren Harding) that the American people were looking for. Eisenhower normalized the Cold War and had a simultaneously more unilateral and more restrained foreign policy.;
